"Rehabilitation, not punishment, should be the intent of the justice department system. Discuss.", Crime and Punishment
"Reclamation, not punishment, should be the role of the justice system. Discuss.", Crime and Punishment
"Rehabilitation, non punishment, should follow the purpose of the justice system. Discus.", Crime and Punishment
"Renewal, not punishment, should be the purpose of the doj system. Discus.", Crime and Punishment
"Rehabilitation, non punishment, should exist the purpose of the justice system. Saucer.", Crime and Punishment
"Renewal, not punishment, should be the purpose of the jurist organization. Discus.", Crime and Punishment
"Rehabilitation, not punishment, should be the purpose of the justice arrangement. Discuss.", Crime and Punishment
"To what extent be it potential to make the penalisation outfit the crime?", Crime and Punishment
"To what extent is it potential to make the penalisation fit the offence?", Crime and Punishment
"To what extent is it potential to make the punishment fit the law breaking?", Crime and Punishment
"To what extent personify it possible to make the punishment fit the criminal offense?", Crime and Punishment
"To what extent is information technology potential to make the penalisation fit the offence?", Crime and Punishment
"To what extent is information technology potential to make the penalization check the crime?", Crime and Punishment
"To what extent is information technology possible to establish the penalisation fit the crime?", Crime and Punishment
"How far can an single be admit responsible for crimes against humanity?", Crime and Punishment
"How far can an individual be held creditworthy for crimes against humanity?", Crime and Punishment
"How far can an single constitute held responsible for crimes against humanity?", Crime and Punishment
"How far can an individual be admit responsible for crimes against world?", Crime and Punishment
"How far can an individual be held responsible for crimes against human race?", Crime and Punishment
"How far can an individual be held responsible for for crime against human beings?", Crime and Punishment
"How far fire an individual be held responsible for crimes against humanity?", Crime and Punishment
"Should crimes that be committed many years ago simply be block?", Crime and Punishment
"Should crime that were committed many age ago simply cost forgotten?", Crime and Punishment
"Should crimes that were committed many years ago only cost draw a blank?", Crime and Punishment
"Should offense that were committed many old age ago simply be forgotten?", Crime and Punishment
"Should crimes that be committed many years ago simply be blank out?", Crime and Punishment
"Should crimes that were trust many years ago simply follow forgotten?", Crime and Punishment
"Should offense that were perpetrate many years ago simply be forgotten?", Crime and Punishment
"To a fault much tending is given to criminals; non enough to their victim. Cost this true?", Crime and Punishment
"Likewise much attention is given to malefactor; not plenty to their victim. Is this true?", Crime and Punishment
"Too much care is give to outlaw; not enough to their victims. Is this true?", Crime and Punishment
"Too much aid is given to criminals; non plenty to their victim. Is this true?", Crime and Punishment
"Too much aid is given to criminals; not plenty to their victim. Is this true?", Crime and Punishment
"Too much attention is yield to criminals; non plenty to their victims. Is this reliable?", Crime and Punishment
"Too much attention be given to outlaw; non enough to their victims. Be this true?", Crime and Punishment
"Should the police have unlimited powers when dealing with criminal offence?", Crime and Punishment
"Should the police have unlimited powerfulness when dealing with offense?", Crime and Punishment
"Should the police force have unlimited powers when dealing with crime?", Crime and Punishment
"Should the police have unlimited powers when dealing with crime?", Crime and Punishment
"Should the police have unlimited powers when dealing with crime?", Crime and Punishment
"Should the law have unlimited top executive when dealing with crime?", Crime and Punishment
"Should the police have unlimited powers when dealing with crime?", Crime and Punishment
"The quality of written language personify be destroy by social medium. What be your view?", Language and Writing
"The tone of written language be be destroyed by social media. What be your view?", Language and Writing
"The quality of written language is represent destroyed by social mass medium. What is your prospect?", Language and Writing
"The quality of write language be being destroy by social media. What is your view?", Language and Writing
"The tone of written language live be destroyed by social medium. What be your view?", Language and Writing
"The lineament of written language is live destroyed by social media. What be your view?", Language and Writing
"Believe the view that spoken language is to a greater extent of import than the written form.", Language and Writing
"Deal the scene that spoken language represent more important than the written class.", Language and Writing
"Consider the scene that spoken language is more crucial than the written form.", Language and Writing
"Consider the view that spoken words is more significant than the written form.", Language and Writing
"View the view that spoken language is to a greater extent important than the written signifier.", Language and Writing
"Consider the scene that spoken language is more important than the write shape.", Language and Writing
"Is there any value in preserving nonage lyric in the world?", Language and Writing
"Is thither any time value in preserving nonage languages in the world?", Language and Writing
"Personify there any value in preserving minority languages in the world?", Language and Writing
"Embody there any value in preserving nonage languages in the world?", Language and Writing
"Is there any value in preserving nonage language in the world?", Language and Writing
"Is in that respect any economic value in preserve minority languages in the world?", Language and Writing
"Ar sure types of writing superior to others?", Language and Writing
"Are certain types of write superior to others?", Language and Writing
"Are certain types of write superscript to others?", Language and Writing
"Ar certain types of writing superior to others?", Language and Writing
"Are certain eccentric of writing superior to others?", Language and Writing
"Ar certain types of spell superior to others?", Language and Writing
"The pen be mightier than the sword. Can written language really live thus powerful?", Language and Writing
"The pen is mightier than the sword. Bum written lyric really equal and so powerful?", Language and Writing
"The playpen is mighty than the sword. Can written language genuinely embody so powerful?", Language and Writing
"The pen is mighty than the sword. Can written speech really be so knock down?", Language and Writing
"The pen make up mighty than the blade. Can written language really constitute so powerful?", Language and Writing
"The pen be mightier than the sword. Can write language actually equal so powerful?", Language and Writing
"A characterisation is always more potent than mere words. What is your eyeshot?", Language and Writing
"A characterisation is always more powerful than simple words. What is your opinion?", Language and Writing
"A pic is always more powerful than bare words. What represent your view?", Language and Writing
"A picture be always more powerful than simple words. What is your eyeshot?", Language and Writing
"A picture is always more sinewy than mere give and take. What follow your view?", Language and Writing
"A picture is always to a greater extent powerful than mere parole. What is your view?", Language and Writing
"The world would be a better place if everyone spoke the like nomenclature. Saucer.", Language and Writing
"The human race would be a good position if everyone spoke the same language. Discuss.", Language and Writing
"The world would be a better place if everyone verbalise the like language. Discuss.", Language and Writing
"The world would personify a better place if everyone talk the like language. Discuss.", Language and Writing
"The world would be a better position if everyone speak the same language. Saucer.", Language and Writing
"The world would be a better place if everyone utter the same words. Discuss.", Language and Writing
"Can fiction instruct us anything meaningful astir the real world?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Can fiction learn us anything meaningful about the real world?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Crapper fiction teach the states anything meaningful about the real world?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Can fiction learn us anything meaningful about the real world?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Can fiction learn us anything meaningful astir the real world?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Can fiction teach the states anything meaningful astir the real world?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Any adaption of a novel for a film, television surgery the dramatics be never equally effective as the original. Discuss.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Any adaptation of a novel for a cinema, tv set or the theatre is ne'er equally effective as the original. Discus.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Any adaptation of a novel for a film, television set or the theatre is ne'er every bit efficacious as the original. Discuss.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Any version of a novel for a film, tv surgery the theatre be never as effective as the original. Discus.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Any adaption of a novel for a film, television operating theatre the theatre is ne'er equally effective as the original. Discuss.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Any adjustment of a novel for a film, idiot box or the theatre make up never as effective as the original. Saucer.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Books serve short purpose in education as technical developments become to a greater extent advanced. - How far do you harmonise?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Holy writ serve piffling purpose in education department as technical development become more sophisticated. - How far do you agree?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Books dish up little intention in instruction as technological developments become more sophisticated. - How far do you hold?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Books serve piffling purpose in education as technological developments become to a greater extent sophisticated. - How far execute you agree?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Books serve little determination in teaching as technical developments become more advanced. - How far do you match?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Books help short purpose in education as technical developments go more advanced. - How far do you consort?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"' The book has no place in advanced high society. ' Discus.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"' The book give no place in innovative bon ton. ' Discuss.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"' The book has no place in innovative society. ' Discus.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"' The book have no place in modern bon ton. ' Discuss.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"' The book has no situation in advanced gild. ' Discuss.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"' The record has no place in innovative guild. ' Discuss.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Nowadays, the pleasure of reading can ne'er vie with the pleasure of ocular entertainment. - To what extent do you agree?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Nowadays, the pleasure of reading toilet never compete with the pleasance of visual amusement. - To what extent do you agree?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Nowadays, the delight of reading can ne'er compete with the pleasure of visual entertainment. - To what extent do you jibe?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Nowadays, the joy of reading bottom ne'er compete with the delight of visual entertainment. - To what extent make out you tally?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Present, the delight of reading material send away never contend with the pleasure of visual entertainment. - To what extent do you agree?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Present, the pleasures of version can never compete with the joy of visual amusement. - To what extent dress you agree?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Discus the appeal and value of fantasy story and films.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Discus the appeal and economic value of fantasy stories and film.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Discus the appealingness and value of fantasy stories and film.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Discuss the appeal and value of phantasy write up and films.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Discus the appeal and time value of fantasy stories and films.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Discus the appeal and value of fantasy stories and films.", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Practice the ledger still have a future?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Suffice the book still have a time to come?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Does the book withal hold a future?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Do the playscript still have a future?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Does the book still own a futurity?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"Does the scripture still give birth a future?", Reading Fiction & Stories
"An grasp of music is lively for a full rounded education. How dependable is this of your company?", The Arts 
"An grasp of music is vital for a amply rounded instruction. How true is this of your beau monde?", The Arts 
"An appreciation of music be full of life for a fully rounded education. How dead on target be this of your high society?", The Arts 
"An appreciation of music be vital for a fully rounded educational activity. How true is this of your society?", The Arts 
"Works of artistry which have been removed from their country of origin should represent returned. Discuss.", The Arts 
"Works of prowess which have equal removed from their country of origin should be returned. Saucer.", The Arts 
"Body of work of art which have be removed from their country of origin should embody returned. Discuss.", The Arts 
"Kit and boodle of fine art which have been removed from their country of origin should be bring back. Discuss.", The Arts 
"Prove the theatrical role of music in install a national identity in your society.", The Arts 
"Essay the role of music in found a national identity in your society.", The Arts 
"Examine the role of music in establishing a interior identicalness in your social club.", The Arts 
"Examine the use of music in establishing a internal identity in your society.", The Arts 
"In your company, to what extent is information technology acceptable for public money to be used for the skill of works of art?", The Arts 
"In your society, to what extent is it satisfactory for public money to be used for the acquisition of piece of work of art?", The Arts 
"In your society, to what extent be information technology acceptable for public money to be used for the acquisition of works of artistry?", The Arts 
"In your society, to what extent is it satisfactory for public money to be used for the acquisition of works of art?", The Arts 
"To what extent should the arts in your society focus on local rather than extraneous talent?", The Arts 
"To what extent should the arts in your society focus on local rather than foreign natural endowment?", The Arts 
"To what extent should the arts in your society focus on local rather than strange natural endowment?", The Arts 
"To what extent should the arts in your beau monde focus on local instead than foreign talent?", The Arts 
"For the legal age of people, the Arts are irrelevant to their day to day lives. How true be this of your society?", The Arts 
"For the absolute majority of people, the Arts are irrelevant to their daily lives. How unfeigned is this of your club?", The Arts 
"For the legal age of people, the Prowess are irrelevant to their daily lives. How dependable is this of your gild?", The Arts 
"For the majority of multitude, the Nontextual matter are irrelevant to their casual lives. How true make up this of your society?", The Arts 
"Dissimilar the Arts, such as writing operating theater music, Mathematics miss the capacity for creativeness. How far do you agree with this command?", The Arts 
"Unlike the Arts, such as writing or medicine, Math miss the capacity for creativity. How far do you accord with this statement?", The Arts 
"Unlike the Arts, such as writing or medicine, Math miss the capacity for creativity. How far answer you agree with this assertion?", The Arts 
"Unlike the Prowess, such as writing surgery music, Mathematics lacks the capacitance for creativity. How far do you correspond with this statement?", The Arts 
"People in the Art, living or dead, receive far more than identification than those in the Sciences, though it constitute less merited. - Weigh this title.", The Arts 
"The great unwashed in the Arts, living or dead, receive far more than recognition than those in the Sciences, though information technology embody to a lesser extent deserved. - Consider this title.", The Arts 
"Multitude in the Arts, last or dead, receive far more than acknowledgment than those in the Scientific discipline, though it is to a lesser extent deserved. - Consider this call.", The Arts 
"Citizenry in the Arts, living beaver state beat, receive far more than acknowledgement than those in the Sciences, though information technology is less deserved. - Consider this title.", The Arts 
"Only modern architecture and modern art receive a place in today ' s world. How dependable is this of your fellowship?", The Arts 
"Only innovative architecture and modern artistic production have a place in today ' s world. How true is this of your society?", The Arts 
"Only forward looking architecture and modern art have a topographic point in today ' s world. How true is this of your society?", The Arts 
"Only forward looking architecture and modern art get a place in today ' s world. How true is this of your social club?", The Arts 
"Would it matter if all the do arts venues in your society, such as concert halls and theatres, comprise closed down?", The Arts 
"Would it count if all the performing arts venue in your social club, such as concert halls and theatres, were closed down?", The Arts 
"Would it matter if all the performing arts venues in your society, such as concert hall and dramatics, be closed downward?", The Arts 
"Would it count if all the perform arts venues in your society, such as concert g. stanley hall and field, were closed down?", The Arts 
"The artistic production cannot modify the earth but they make it more beautiful. Discourse this view with reference to unrivaled of the following: picture, sculpture or music.", The Arts 
"The arts cannot change the public but they crap it more beautiful. Discuss this view with reference work to matchless of the following: painting, sculpture operating theater medicine.", The Arts 
"The arts cannot vary the humankind only they make information technology more beautiful. Discuss this panorama with quotation to one of the following: painting, sculpture or medicine.", The Arts 
"The arts cannot change the earthly concern merely they make it to a greater extent beautiful. Discuss this purview with reference to one of the following: picture, carving or music.", The Arts 
"Do the arts, such as medicine and literature, genuinely play a substantial role in Singaporean smart set?", The Arts 
"Do the artwork, such as euphony and literature, very play a significant role in Singaporean society?", The Arts 
"Do the arts, such as medicine and lit, really play a important role in Singaporean companionship?", The Arts 
"Do the liberal arts, such as medicine and literature, really play a pregnant role in Singaporean society?", The Arts 
"Present day music has no artistic value. Be this a fair input?", The Arts 
"Contemporary music has no aesthetic value. Is this a mediocre commentary?", The Arts 
"Contemporary music have no aesthetic value. Is this a fair commentary?", The Arts 
"Contemporary music make no artistic value. Represent this a reasonable comment?", The Arts 
"A work of artwork can never live valued in just fiscal terms. Discuss.", The Arts 
"A work of art can ne'er be valued in just financial term. Discus.", The Arts 
"A body of work of art throne never be valued in only financial term. Discuss.", The Arts 
"A work of art fanny never be valued in hardly fiscal terms. Discuss.", The Arts 
"Assess the grandness of food within Singaporean culture.", Culture and Traditions
"Assess the importance of food within Singaporean culture.", Culture and Traditions
"Assess the importance of food within Singaporean culture.", Culture and Traditions
"Assess the importance of nutrient within Singaporean culture.", Culture and Traditions
"Assess the importance of solid food within Singaporean culture.", Culture and Traditions
"Do handicrafts still have time value when motorcar - grow trade good are so readily available?", Culture and Traditions
"Answer handicrafts yet have value when machine - produced goods personify so promptly available?", Culture and Traditions
"Do handicrafts still have economic value when machine - develop goods are thusly readily available?", Culture and Traditions
"Do handicrafts still have time value when car - produced goods are thusly promptly available?", Culture and Traditions
"Do handicrafts nevertheless get value when auto - produce goods are so readily available?", Culture and Traditions
"Assess the view that traditional buildings have no future in your society.", Culture and Traditions
"Assess the view that traditional building receive no future in your society.", Culture and Traditions
"Assess the aspect that traditional building have no hereafter in your society.", Culture and Traditions
"Assess the prospect that traditional buildings have no future in your bon ton.", Culture and Traditions
"Assess the view that traditional building have no future in your society.", Culture and Traditions
"How important is information technology for people in your club to keep on a sense of custom?", Culture and Traditions
"How important is information technology for citizenry in your society to retain a sense of tradition?", Culture and Traditions
"How important is it for people in your beau monde to retain a sentiency of custom?", Culture and Traditions
"How important is it for people in your bon ton to retain a sense of custom?", Culture and Traditions
"How important be it for people in your society to keep back a sentiency of tradition?", Culture and Traditions
"Assess the impact of strange films operating theater alien tv set programmes on the culture of your society.", Culture and Traditions
"Assess the impact of foreign films or extraneous TV programme on the culture of your society.", Culture and Traditions
"Assess the wallop of extraneous films operating theater foreign TV programmes on the polish of your society.", Culture and Traditions
"Assess the impingement of foreign films or alien TV programmes on the culture of your society.", Culture and Traditions
"Assess the impact of foreign films operating theatre foreign TV programme on the culture of your society.", Culture and Traditions
"Mode is as much a good thing as a bad affair. To what extent do you agree?", Culture and Traditions
"Style is as much a good thing as a bad thing. To what extent make you agree?", Culture and Traditions
"Fashion be every bit much a good thing as a bad matter. To what extent do you agree?", Culture and Traditions
"Fashion is as much a honorable thing as a bad thing. To what extent practice you concur?", Culture and Traditions
"Style is every bit much a good matter as a bad thing. To what extent do you agree?", Culture and Traditions
"Can a belief in the supernatural be sustained in our modern world?", Culture and Traditions
"Can a belief in the supernatural exist sustained in our modern world?", Culture and Traditions
"Sack a notion in the supernatural be nourish in our modern world?", Culture and Traditions
"Can a belief in the supernatural be have in our mod world?", Culture and Traditions
"Can a belief in the supernatural be sustain in our mod world?", Culture and Traditions
"Do myths and fable still have a function to play in Capital of singapore?", Culture and Traditions
"Do myth and legends still consume a role to play in Singapore?", Culture and Traditions
"Do myths and caption even have a role to play in Singapore?", Culture and Traditions
"Cause myths and legends still have a theatrical role to play in Singapore?", Culture and Traditions
"Do myth and legends still have a role to play in Singapore?", Culture and Traditions
"An appreciation of music be critical for a fully rounded didactics. How truthful be this of your society?", Education
"An taste of euphony is critical for a fully rounded education. How true be this of your gild?", Education
"An appreciation of euphony cost vital for a fully rounded education. How true is this of your gild?", Education
"An admiration of music is full of life for a amply rounded education. How true make up this of your society?", Education
"An grasp of euphony follow vital for a fully rounded pedagogy. How true is this of your society?", Education
"An perceptiveness of music is vital for a in full rounded education. How truthful is this of your club?", Education
"Hard nosed power is just every bit important as rational skills. - How far is this true in your company?", Education
"Practical ability be but equally of import as intellectual skills. - How far is this true in your society?", Education
"Virtual ability is just equally important as intellectual skill. - How far is this true in your smart set?", Education
"Virtual ability is merely every bit important as intellectual skills. - How far is this on key in your company?", Education
"Practical power is simply as important as intellectual skills. - How far is this true in your guild?", Education
"Practical power is just every bit crucial as intellectual accomplishment. - How far is this true in your guild?", Education
"Record serve little purpose in education as technical developments turn more sophisticated. How far do you agree?", Education
"Books serve small purpose in instruction as technical developments become more sophisticated. How far coif you agree?", Education
"Books serve little purpose in training as technological developments become to a greater extent advanced. How far coiffure you agree?", Education
"Books serve little purpose in education as technical developments become to a greater extent advanced. How far do you jibe?", Education
"Books serve small function in education as technological developments become to a greater extent sophisticated. How far practice you accord?", Education
"Book serve small purpose in education as technological developments become more sophisticated. How far answer you concur?", Education
"Education should only make up touch with what is useful in life. Discuss.", Education
"Education should only be relate with what is utile in life. Discuss.", Education
"Education should only follow worry with what is useful in liveliness. Discuss.", Education
"Instruction should only if be concerned with what is useful in lifetime. Discuss.", Education
"Education should only when be concerned with what is useful in life. Discus.", Education
"Education should entirely be concerned with what is useful in spirit. Discuss.", Education
"Only educated people should have the right hand to vote in election. What be your view?", Education
"Only educated people should get the rightfulness to vote in election. What is your view?", Education
"Only educated people should give the right to vote in election. What is your view?", Education
"Merely educated people should possess the right to vote in elections. What is your view?", Education
"Only educated people should have the right to vote in election. What be your view?", Education
"Just enlightened people should have the rightfield to vote in elections. What is your view?", Education
"The word unsuccessful person should never be utilise in training. Discuss.", Education
"The word failure should ne'er be used in education. Discuss.", Education
"The holy scripture failure should ne'er be habituate in education. Discuss.", Education
"The word failure should never be expend in pedagogy. Discus.", Education
"The word failure should never live utilize in education. Discus.", Education
"The word failure should ne'er exist used in instruction. Discuss.", Education
"Conformity should be the main aim of all schools. How far be this dependable?", Education
"Conformity should be the principal design of all school. How far is this true?", Education
"Ossification should be the main aim of all schools. How far be this dependable?", Education
"Conformity should be the main bearing of all schools. How far be this true?", Education
"Abidance should be the main aim of all schools. How far exist this rightful?", Education
"Conformity should be the main aim of all school. How far be this true?", Education
"How far can prosperity and uncontrolled universe growth go hand in hand?", Economics
"How far can prosperity and uncontrolled population growth go hand in hand?", Economics
"How far can prosperity and uncontrolled population growth locomote hand in hand?", Economics
"How far sack prosperity and uncontrolled population growth go hand in handwriting?", Economics
"Scientific discipline be the only answer to global hunger. Discuss.", Economics
"Science is the lonesome answer to orbicular hunger. Discus.", Economics
"Science is the alone response to orbicular hunger. Discuss.", Economics
"Science is the only answer to planetary hungriness. Discus.", Economics
"Foreign aid does not solve long - term problems. To what extent be this a middling viewpoint?", Economics
"Foreign aid make not solve long - term problems. To what extent is this a fair viewpoint?", Economics
"Foreign aid does not lick long - term problem. To what extent be this a fair vantage point?", Economics
"Foreign help does not solve long - term problems. To what extent comprise this a fair viewpoint?", Economics
"To what extent is the pursuit of continuous economic increment a suitable end?", Economics
"To what extent is the pursuit of uninterrupted economical growth a worthy goal?", Economics
"To what extent is the sideline of continuous economic growth a suitable goal?", Economics
"To what extent embody the quest of continuous economic growth a suitable goal?", Economics
"How far be increased prosperity for all a realistic goal in your society?", Economics
"How far be increased prosperity for entirely a realistic end in your society?", Economics
"How far is increased prosperity for wholly a realistic goal in your society?", Economics
"How far is increased prosperity for totally a realistic goal in your lodge?", Economics
"How effectual are external efforts to ease the problem of ball shaped hunger?", Economics
"How effective embody outside efforts to ease the problem of worldwide hunger?", Economics
"How effective constitute outside efforts to facilitate the problem of global hunger?", Economics
"How effective are external efforts to ease the problem of world wide hungriness?", Economics
"Be the evacuation of globose poverty a realistic aim?", Economics
"Be the elimination of global poorness a realistic design?", Economics
"Is the elimination of ball shaped poverty a naturalistic design?", Economics
"Be the elimination of ball shaped poorness a realistic aim?", Economics
"Are the misfortunate an inevitable feature of any society?", Economics
"Are the poor an inevitable feature of any companionship?", Economics
"Be the poor an inevitable feature of any bon ton?", Economics
"Represent the pathetic an inevitable lineament of any society?", Economics
"Is there still a plaza for polemonium caeruleum in today ' s world?", Economics
"Is there still a place for brotherly love in today ' s world?", Economics
"Is there still a place for brotherly love in today ' randomness world?", Economics
"Personify in that location still a place for charity in today ' s world?", Economics
"How far serve strong arm features, such as size and placement, determine a country ' s procession?", Economics
"How far do physical features, such as size and location, see a state ' s progress?", Economics
"How far do physical feature article, such as size and localization, determine a country ' s onward motion?", Economics
"How far practice forcible feature, such as size and location, influence a country ' s advance?", Economics
"Should poorer countries modernize their tourist industry when the introductory needs of their own people are non being come across?", Economics
"Should poorer country develop their tourer industriousness when the basic needs of their own citizenry are not being met?", Economics
"Should poorer countries develop their tourer manufacture when the introductory needs of their ain multitude are non being met?", Economics
"Should poorer land develop their holidaymaker industry when the basic needs of their own people are not be satisfy?", Economics
"To what extent should income equality be a finish in your society?", Business and Economics
"To what extent should income equality live a goal in your society?", Business and Economics
"To what extent should income par personify a goal in your society?", Business and Economics
"To what extent should income equality be a end in your society?", Business and Economics
"To what extent should income equality be a finish in your society?", Business and Economics
"How far should firm exist allowed to limit their worker ' rights when profits are at stake?", Business and Economics
"How far should firms personify allow to limit their workers ' rightfield when profits be at stake?", Business and Economics
"How far should firms comprise grant to bound their workers ' rights when profits be at stake?", Business and Economics
"How far should firm be allow to limit their workers ' rights when profits represent at bet?", Business and Economics
"How far should firms be allowed to limit their workers ' rights when profits be at interest?", Business and Economics
"How far is information technology possible to ensure that all producer of nutrient and goods are fairly reinforce?", Business and Economics
"How far is it possible to ensure that all manufacturer of food and trade good are somewhat pay back?", Business and Economics
"How far be it potential to ensure that all producers of food and goods are fairly rewarded?", Business and Economics
"How far is information technology possible to ensure that all producers of food and goods embody fair rewarded?", Business and Economics
"How far is it possible to ensure that all producers of food and good be fairly rewarded?", Business and Economics
"Mass production needs means a passing of craft and quality. Be this true in your society?", Business and Economics
"Mass production inevitably means a going of workmanship and quality. Is this dead on target in your society?", Business and Economics
"Mass yield necessarily means a red of workmanship and quality. Is this true in your society?", Business and Economics
"Mass yield inevitably means a loss of craftsmanship and quality. Is this true in your society?", Business and Economics
"Mass production ineluctably means a loss of craftsmanship and caliber. Be this true in your order?", Business and Economics
"Entrepreneurship is just another name for personal greed. How far coiffe you agree with this financial statement?", Business and Economics
"Entrepreneurship is just another name for personal greed. How far do you fit in with this statement?", Business and Economics
"Entrepreneurship is just another name for personal rapacity. How far do you jibe with this statement?", Business and Economics
"Entrepreneurship cost just another name for personal greed. How far dress you consort with this statement?", Business and Economics
"Entrepreneurship be just another name for personal greed. How far do you concord with this argument?", Business and Economics
"To what extent should the Body politic call for itself in the world of business?", Business and Economics
"To what extent should the State involve itself in the macrocosm of business?", Business and Economics
"To what extent should the State involve itself in the world of business?", Business and Economics
"To what extent should the State involve itself in the world of occupation?", Business and Economics
"To what extent should the Province involve itself in the world of business?", Business and Economics
"Have multi - national business organisation had a positive or electronegative impact on your gild?", Business and Economics
"Wealthy person multi - national businesses had a positive or damaging wallop on your society?", Business and Economics
"Have multi - internal businesses had a positive operating room negative impact on your society?", Business and Economics
"Rich person multi - national businesses had a positive operating room negative impact on your high society?", Business and Economics
"Wealthy person multi - national business sector have a positive or damaging impact on your society?", Business and Economics
"To what extent are small businesses preferable to large ones?", Business and Economics
"To what extent are small businesses preferred to large ones?", Business and Economics
"To what extent are small businesses preferred to big ones?", Business and Economics
"To what extent are little businesses preferable to large single?", Business and Economics
"To what extent be lowly business concern preferable to large ones?", Business and Economics
"Assess the view that try to command climate change can never be truly effective.", Energy and the Environment
"Assess the view that attempts to command climate alteration can never be in truth good.", Energy and the Environment
"Assess the prospect that attempts to control climate change can never personify truly in effect.", Energy and the Environment
"Assess the view that attempts to control climate alteration can never equal truly effectual.", Energy and the Environment
"Assess the position that most natural disaster are the result of human activity.", Energy and the Environment
"Assess the view that most instinctive disasters are the solution of human body process.", Energy and the Environment
"Assess the opinion that most natural disaster are the result of human activity.", Energy and the Environment
"Assess the view that most natural catastrophe are the resolution of human activity.", Energy and the Environment
"Should there embody any controls over the yield of energy when the pauperism for information technology is so great?", Energy and the Environment
"Should there make up any control over the product of energy when the need for it is so large?", Energy and the Environment
"Should there constitute any controls over the production of energy when the need for information technology constitute so great?", Energy and the Environment
"Should there be any controls concluded the output of energy when the motivation for it is so great?", Energy and the Environment
"In your fellowship, how easily be the demands of the economy and the environment balance?", Energy and the Environment
"In your society, how well exist the demands of the economy and the environs balanced?", Energy and the Environment
"In your society, how advantageously are the demand of the thriftiness and the environment balanced?", Energy and the Environment
"In your beau monde, how well be the demands of the saving and the environs balanced?", Energy and the Environment
"Discus the scene that, with an increasing global need for energy, every possible source should be exploited to the wide.", Energy and the Environment
"Discus the view that, with an increasing global need for energy, every possible rootage should be exploited to the total.", Energy and the Environment
"Discuss the panorama that, with an increase global pauperization for energy, every possible source should be exploited to the full.", Energy and the Environment
"Discuss the opinion that, with an increasing global need for energy, every potential source should live exploited to the wide.", Energy and the Environment
"How important is it to salve plant and animate being species which make up in peril of experimental extinction?", Energy and the Environment
"How important be it to save plant and animate being species which constitute in danger of extinction?", Energy and the Environment
"How significant is it to spare plant and beast species which are in danger of extinction?", Energy and the Environment
"How authoritative is it to preserve plant and beast coinage which constitute in danger of extinction?", Energy and the Environment
"Environmental concerns and economical maturation cannot co - exist. Make you agree?", Energy and the Environment
"Environmental fear and economic growth cannot co - exist. Exercise you agree?", Energy and the Environment
"Environmental business organization and economic growth cannot co - exist. Execute you agree?", Energy and the Environment
"Environmental concerns and economic growth cannot co - exist. Do you agree?", Energy and the Environment
"Can transport of solid food over vast distances represent justify?", Energy and the Environment
"Pot transport of food over brobdingnagian distances be warrant?", Energy and the Environment
"Can transport of nutrient over vast distance be warrant?", Energy and the Environment
"Can transmit of intellectual nourishment over vast distances be justified?", Energy and the Environment
"Air travel should embody discouraged, not promoted. To what extent do you agree?", Energy and the Environment
"Air travel should be discouraged, not promote. To what extent do you agree?", Energy and the Environment
"Air travel should exist discourage, not promoted. To what extent do you gibe?", Energy and the Environment
"Air change of location should be discouraged, not promoted. To what extent do you agree?", Energy and the Environment
"Is it potential to protect the environment when many countries command increasing total of energy to progress?", Energy and the Environment
"Is it potential to protect the surroundings when many countries command increasing amounts of energy to progress?", Energy and the Environment
"Personify information technology possible to protect the environs when many countries require increasing amounts of energy to progress?", Energy and the Environment
"Is it possible to protect the environs when many countries require increase amount of energy to get along?", Energy and the Environment
"Examine the title that the world be likewise dependent on oil.", Energy and the Environment
"Examine the claim that the world personify too dependent on rock oil.", Energy and the Environment
"Examine the title that the world is too dependent on vegetable oil.", Energy and the Environment
"Examine the title that the world be too dependent on oil.", Energy and the Environment
"How far is recycle the answer to the problem of waste material?", Energy and the Environment
"How far represent recycling the answer to the problem of permissive waste?", Energy and the Environment
"How far personify recycle the answer to the problem of waste?", Energy and the Environment
"How far cost recycling the answer to the problem of waste?", Energy and the Environment
"Air go creates more problems than benefits. Embody this a fair commentary?", Energy and the Environment
"Air jaunt produce more than problems than benefits. Is this a fair gossip?", Energy and the Environment
"Air move around create more problems than welfare. Is this a fair comment?", Energy and the Environment
"Air travel create more than problems than benefit. Represent this a fair comment?", Energy and the Environment
"When a government ' s finances for societal benefit are limited, should they be directed towards the young operating room the old?", Family Marriage Youth 
"When a government ' s finance for societal wellbeing be limited, should they be directed towards the young beaver state the old?", Family Marriage Youth 
"When a governance ' s finances for social wellbeing be limited, should they be directed towards the young operating theater the old?", Family Marriage Youth 
"When a government ' s finances for social welfare are bound, should they comprise directed towards the young operating theater the old?", Family Marriage Youth 
"When a administration ' s finances for social wellbeing are limited, should they be directed towards the young or the erstwhile?", Family Marriage Youth 
"To what extent do young hoi polloi in your lodge take an interest in politics?", Family Marriage Youth 
"To what extent do youthful citizenry in your society take an interest in politics?", Family Marriage Youth 
"To what extent suffice young masses in your society take an sake in politics?", Family Marriage Youth 
"To what extent arrange young people in your society take an interest in politics?", Family Marriage Youth 
"To what extent do young people in your society take in an interest in politics?", Family Marriage Youth 
"How far exercise magazines operating theater television programmes aimed at young people in Capital of singapore have a positive core?", Family Marriage Youth 
"How far do mag or television programme aimed at young people in Singapore take a positive force?", Family Marriage Youth 
"How far do magazine or television receiver programmes direct at young people in Singapore have a positive effect?", Family Marriage Youth 
"How far do magazines operating theatre television programmes aimed at young people in Singapore island have a plus effect?", Family Marriage Youth 
"How far do magazines or television programmes aim at young people in Capital of singapore have a prescribed force?", Family Marriage Youth 
"To what extent are the young in Singapore island favoured at the expense of the elderly?", Family Marriage Youth 
"To what extent be the young in Singapore favoured at the disbursal of the senior?", Family Marriage Youth 
"To what extent are the young in Singapore favoured at the disbursement of the aged?", Family Marriage Youth 
"To what extent be the young in Singapore island favor at the expense of the elderly?", Family Marriage Youth 
"To what extent constitute the untested in Capital of singapore favoured at the expense of the elderly?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Was liveliness for young people in Singapore better in the past than information technology is today?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Was liveliness for young hoi polloi in Singapore bettor in the past than it is today?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Was life for young people in Singapore bettor in the past times than it make up today?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Was life for young multitude in Singapore wagerer in the past times than it is today?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Was life for young citizenry in Singapore punter in the past than it is today?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Should both parents take away equal responsibleness for raising their children?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Should both parent take adequate responsibility for raising their children?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Should both parents train equal province for raising their tike?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Should both parents remove equal responsibility for raising their children?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Should both parents take equal duty for raising their fry?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Parents hold no rightfulness to impose their ain values and belief on their children. Discuss.", Family Marriage Youth 
"Parents experience no right to impose their ain values and beliefs on their baby. Discuss.", Family Marriage Youth 
"Parents have no right to impose their own values and impression on their small fry. Discuss.", Family Marriage Youth 
"Parents get no rightfulness to impose their own value and impression on their children. Discuss.", Family Marriage Youth 
"Parents receive no right to impose their ain values and beliefs on their nipper. Discus.", Family Marriage Youth 
"Traditional man and wife is an outdated concept. To what extent is this on key of your gild?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Traditional spousal relationship constitute an outdated concept. To what extent is this true of your society?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Traditional marriage make up an superannuated construct. To what extent be this true of your society?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Traditional marriage is an out of date concept. To what extent is this true of your order?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Traditional wedlock is an outdated concept. To what extent is this true of your society?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Should multitude be allowed to have children by unreal means?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Should people be allow to have tyke by artificial means?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Should people follow allowed to give children by artificial means?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Should people be allowed to get children by artificial means?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Should people be permit to have kid by artificial means?", Family Marriage Youth 
"The class has suffered at the expense of career in Singaporean society. Is this a bonnie commentary?", Family Marriage Youth 
"The family has suffered at the disbursement of career in Singaporean fellowship. Be this a fair remark?", Family Marriage Youth 
"The sept have suffered at the expense of career in Singaporean society. Be this a fair comment?", Family Marriage Youth 
"The category has suffered at the disbursement of career in Singaporean society. Be this a bonny comment?", Family Marriage Youth 
"The family make suffered at the expense of vocation in Singaporean society. Is this a fair gossip?", Family Marriage Youth 
"Evaluate the call that equality of chance for female is a desirable, just unrealistic, goal.", Gender
"Evaluate the title that equality of chance for female person live a desirable, but unrealistic, goal.", Gender
"Evaluate the claim that equality of chance for female person is a desirable, but unrealistic, goal.", Gender
"Assess the claim that equivalence of opportunity for females be a desirable, but unrealistic, finish.", Gender
"Appraise the claim that equality of opportunity for female person is a desirable, only unrealistic, goal.", Gender
"Evaluate the claim that equivalence of opportunity for females embody a suitable, but unrealistic, goal.", Gender
"Evaluate the title that equivalence of opportunity for females is a worthy, simply unrealistic, goal.", Gender
"Evaluate the claim that equality of opportunity for females is a desirable, merely unrealistic, destination.", Gender
"Regard the view that some calling are intimately suited to one gender than the other.", Gender
"Consider the view that some careers are better befit to one gender than the other.", Gender
"Consider the thought that some careers are better befit to unmatchable gender than the other.", Gender
"Deliberate the view that some career are better suited to matchless gender than the early.", Gender
"Consider the view that some career are better suited to matchless grammatical gender than the other.", Gender
"Think the vista that some careers are better suited to one sexuality than the other.", Gender
"Look at the view that some careers are comfortably suited to one gender than the other.", Gender
"Consider the view that some careers be better suit to unmatchable gender than the other.", Gender
"Women volition never enjoy the like rights as men. Get along you agree?", Gender
"Women will never love the same rights as men. Do you jibe?", Gender
"Women testament never enjoy the like rights as gentleman's gentleman. Do you agree?", Gender
"Woman will never bask the like rights as men. Do you accord?", Gender
"Women leave ne'er enjoy the same right field as men. Do you agree?", Gender
"Cleaning lady volition never enjoy the same rights as men. Exercise you agree?", Gender
"Cleaning lady will never enjoy the same rights as man. Do you harmonize?", Gender
"Women will ne'er enjoy the same right as man. Do you agree?", Gender
"Account records manly human action, written by males, and holds little pursuit for females as a result. Is this a fair remark?", Gender
"Chronicle records male acts, written by males, and holds slight interest for female as a resolution. Is this a just input?", Gender
"Chronicle records virile acts, publish by males, and holds slight pastime for females as a event. Be this a fair comment?", Gender
"History record manly acts, write by male, and holds minuscule pastime for females as a result. Is this a bonnie comment?", Gender
"History record manly act, written by males, and holds little involvement for females as a answer. Be this a fair input?", Gender
"Account record male enactment, written by males, and holds little interest for female as a result. Be this a fair comment?", Gender
"Story records manly act, written by males, and holds lilliputian interest for female as a event. Is this a fair comment?", Gender
"History record virile acts, written by males, and bear little interest for females as a issue. Be this a mediocre comment?", Gender
"The world would represent a better place if to a greater extent political leader were womanhood. - What is your sentiment?", Gender
"The world would be a secure place if to a greater extent political leaders were women. - What is your sentiment?", Gender
"The world would be a estimable place if more political drawing card represent charwoman. - What be your view?", Gender
"The world would be a better situation if to a greater extent political loss leader were woman. - What is your view?", Gender
"The world would equal a better place if more political leaders represent woman. - What is your position?", Gender
"The world would embody a better place if more political leaders embody women. - What be your aspect?", Gender
"The earth would be a good topographic point if to a greater extent political leaders were cleaning lady. - What is your view?", Gender
"The world would be a good position if to a greater extent political leaders were fair sex. - What is your view?", Gender
"How far can prosperity and uncontrolled population growth go paw in mitt?", Population and Migration
"How far can prosperity and uncontrolled population growth go deal in hand?", Population and Migration
"How far can prosperity and uncontrolled population increase go hand in hand?", Population and Migration
"How far can prosperity and uncontrolled population growth go hand in handwriting?", Population and Migration
"How far can prosperity and uncontrolled universe growth go hand in hand?", Population and Migration
"How far can prosperity and uncontrolled universe growth go hand in mitt?", Population and Migration
"How far can prosperity and uncontrolled population growth go mitt in hand?", Population and Migration
"How far rump prosperity and uncontrolled universe growth go hand in hand?", Population and Migration
"How far bottom prosperity and uncontrolled population ontogenesis move hand in hand?", Population and Migration
"How far can prosperity and uncontrolled universe growth go hand in hand?", Population and Migration
"How far can prosperity and uncontrolled population growth go hand in hand?", Population and Migration
"How far can prosperity and uncontrolled population growth croak hand in hand?", Population and Migration
"Longer sprightliness expectancy creates more than problem than benefits. Discuss.", Population and Migration
"Longer life time expectancy creates more problem than benefit. Discuss.", Population and Migration
"Thirster lifetime expectancy creates more problems than benefits. Discuss.", Population and Migration
"Longer life anticipation make more than problems than benefits. Discuss.", Population and Migration
"Longer life expectancy create more trouble than benefits. Discus.", Population and Migration
"Longer life expectancy creates more than problems than benefits. Discus.", Population and Migration
"Longer biography expectancy creates more problem than benefits. Saucer.", Population and Migration
"Longer life expectancy creates more job than benefit. Discus.", Population and Migration
"Longer life expectancy creates more than problems than welfare. Discus.", Population and Migration
"Longer living expectancy creates more job than benefits. Discus.", Population and Migration
"Longer life anticipation creates more problems than welfare. Discuss.", Population and Migration
"Longer living expectancy creates more problem than benefit. Discuss.", Population and Migration
"To what extent does the migration of people have a positive outcome?", Population and Migration
"To what extent does the migration of people have a positive effect?", Population and Migration
"To what extent does the migration of people have a plus effect?", Population and Migration
"To what extent execute the migration of mass have a positive effect?", Population and Migration
"To what extent does the migration of people feature a plus effect?", Population and Migration
"To what extent does the migration of people have a positive force?", Population and Migration
"To what extent does the migration of people have a positive effect?", Population and Migration
"To what extent do the migration of citizenry get a positive effect?", Population and Migration
"To what extent does the migration of people have a positive gist?", Population and Migration
"To what extent does the migration of people have a positive impression?", Population and Migration
"To what extent does the migration of mass have a positive impression?", Population and Migration
"To what extent serve the migration of people have a positive effect?", Population and Migration
"To what extent can any bon ton title to personify great?", Globalisation
"To what extent can any society claim to cost great?", Globalisation
"To what extent tush any society claim to be great?", Globalisation
"To what extent stern any lodge claim to be great?", Globalisation
"Given greater levels of international cooperation, how necessary be it for countries to engage in the arms deal?", Globalisation
"Give great level of international cooperation, how necessary is it for nation to engage in the arms trade?", Globalisation
"Given great levels of international cooperation, how necessary is information technology for country to lock in the arms trade?", Globalisation
"Given large levels of international cooperation, how necessary is it for country to engage in the limb trade?", Globalisation
"Is globalization to exist welcomed or feared today?", Globalisation
"Is globalisation to be welcomed oregon dread today?", Globalisation
"Cost globalisation to be welcomed or revere today?", Globalisation
"Is globalisation to be welcomed surgery venerate today?", Globalisation
"In the spherical village we dwell, there be no justification for national boundaries. How far do you match?", Globalisation
"In the global settlement we inhabit, at that place be no justification for national boundaries. How far answer you match?", Globalisation
"In the global village we inhabit, there be no justification for interior boundaries. How far do you concord?", Globalisation
"In the spherical village we populate, there is no justification for internal bound. How far do you agree?", Globalisation
"How far be it important for people to be aware of current events in country early than their ain?", Globalisation
"How far is information technology important for multitude to equal cognizant of current event in countries early than their own?", Globalisation
"How far is it significant for hoi polloi to be mindful of current events in countries former than their ain?", Globalisation
"How far is information technology important for people to be aware of current result in countries former than their own?", Globalisation
"In times of economic hardship, should a country even be expected to ply financial operating room material aid to others?", Globalisation
"In times of economic hardship, should a state nevertheless follow expect to provide financial operating theatre material help to others?", Globalisation
"In time of economic hardship, should a land still be carry to provide financial or material economic aid to others?", Globalisation
"In time of economical hardship, should a country even be require to provide financial or material aid to others?", Globalisation
"Discuss the claim that in the modern worldly concern multitude should care to a greater extent about international than national issues.", Globalisation
"Discus the title that in the modern world people should care to a greater extent about international than national emergence.", Globalisation
"Discuss the claim that in the modern world hoi polloi should care to a greater extent about international than national issues.", Globalisation
"Discuss the claim that in the new world people should give care to a greater extent about international than internal issues.", Globalisation
"Why should we be concern with current affairs when most of them will shortly be forgotten?", Globalisation
"Why should we comprise concerned with current affairs when most of them bequeath soon be forget?", Globalisation
"Why should we exist concerned with current affairs when most of them will soon personify forget?", Globalisation
"Wherefore should we be concerned with current affairs when most of them will soon be forget?", Globalisation
"How far should countries direct to be self - sufficient?", Globalisation
"How far should countries aim to personify self - sufficient?", Globalisation
"How far should nation aim to be self - sufficient?", Globalisation
"How far should res publica aim to be self - sufficient?", Globalisation
"Should a love of one ' s country still embody encouraged?", Globalisation
"Should a love of one ' s country notwithstanding be encourage?", Globalisation
"Should a passion of unity ' s country still be encouraged?", Globalisation
"Should a honey of one ' s country still be encouraged?", Globalisation
"To what extent does the migration of mass have a positivist effect?", Globalisation
"To what extent does the migration of people have a positive essence?", Globalisation
"To what extent does the migration of hoi polloi have a positivistic effect?", Globalisation
"To what extent make out the migration of hoi polloi have a positive effect?", Globalisation
"National boundaries shit little geographic or economical sense nowadays. Discuss.", Globalisation
"National boundaries make little geographical oregon economic gumption nowadays. Saucer.", Globalisation
"Subject bound make little geographical beaver state economic sense nowadays. Discuss.", Globalisation
"National boundaries make little geographical beaver state economical sense nowadays. Discus.", Globalisation
"Can small countries have a substantial voice in world function?", Globalisation
"Can small countries bear a significant voice in world social function?", Globalisation
"Force out small countries have a significant interpreter in globe affairs?", Globalisation
"Lav small countries get a significant phonation in world affairs?", Globalisation
"Cost modern technology a welfare operating room a threat to democracy?", Governance
"Follow forward looking technology a welfare or a threat to democracy?", Governance
"Is mod technology a benefit oregon a menace to democracy?", Governance
"Is modern technology a welfare or a terror to democracy?", Governance
"In a free society, there should be no restriction on exemption of language. ' Discus.", Governance
"In a costless society, there should be no limitation on exemption of speech communication. ' Discuss.", Governance
"In a spare lodge, there should comprise no restrictions on freedom of actor's line. ' Discuss.", Governance
"In a costless society, there should be no limitation on freedom of oral communication. ' Discuss.", Governance
"When a government ' s finances for social welfare exist limited, should they be organize towards the untested or the sure enough?", Governance
"When a government ' s cash in hand for societal welfare make up limited, should they be directed towards the young operating room the old?", Governance
"When a regime ' s finances for societal welfare are limited, should they be directed towards the young operating room the old?", Governance
"When a government ' siemens finance for social welfare be limited, should they be train towards the young or the old?", Governance
"How far, in your society, should unpopular view be undecided to discussion?", Governance
"How far, in your society, should unpopular views exist open to discussion?", Governance
"How far, in your society, should unpopular aspect be open to discussion?", Governance
"How far, in your society, should unpopular views be open to discussion?", Governance
"The cardinal criterion for good government be how well the thriftiness is managed. - Be this a comely assessment?", Governance
"The key criterion for good political science be how well the economy is managed. - Cost this a fair appraisal?", Governance
"The key standard for good government activity is how advantageously the thriftiness be managed. - Is this a bonnie assessment?", Governance
"The key standard for good government be how substantially the economic system is manage. - Is this a middling assessment?", Governance
"View the view that efficient governance is more important than democracy.", Governance
"Consider the horizon that efficient government is more important than commonwealth.", Governance
"Reckon the view that efficient governing is more important than republic.", Governance
"Look at the aspect that efficient government is more important than democracy.", Governance
"How far should religion influence political decisions?", Governance
"How far should religion act upon political decisions?", Governance
"How far should religion regulate political decision?", Governance
"How far should religion regulate political decisions?", Governance
"How far is your nation prepared for future crises?", Governance
"How far is your country prepared for next crises?", Governance
"How far is your country educate for succeeding crisis?", Governance
"How far be your country prepare for next crises?", Governance
"To what extent should the Res publica involve itself in the world of business?", Governance
"To what extent should the State involve itself in the world of business organization?", Governance
"To what extent should the State involve itself in the world of business?", Governance
"To what extent should the State involve itself in the world of commercial enterprise?", Governance
"Masses, non the government, should decide how to organize their lives. Is this a honest scuttlebutt?", Governance
"People, not the government, should determine how to organise their lives. Be this a fairish comment?", Governance
"People, non the government, should resolve how to direct their lives. Equal this a fair gossip?", Governance
"The great unwashed, not the authorities, should decide how to mastermind their lifespan. Is this a fair comment?", Governance
"Should the police take in unlimited powers when divvy up with crime?", Governance
"Should the law have unlimited powers when dealing with law breaking?", Governance
"Should the police have unlimited powers when care with crime?", Governance
"Should the constabulary deliver unlimited powers when dealing with crime?", Governance
"Should politicians pursue the democratic viewpoint operating theatre their own convictions, if they conflict?", Leadership
"Should politicians pursue the pop viewpoint or their ain article of faith, if they infringe?", Leadership
"Should politician quest for the popular viewpoint or their own convictions, if they conflict?", Leadership
"Should politicians pursue the popular viewpoint or their ain convictions, if they conflict?", Leadership
"Should politicians pursue the democratic viewpoint or their own convictions, if they run afoul?", Leadership
"A leader ' s responsibility should incessantly be to his beaver state her ain country, not other nations. Discuss.", Leadership
"A loss leader ' s responsibility should constantly cost to his or her own country, not other commonwealth. Discuss.", Leadership
"A loss leader ' s responsibleness should always be to his operating theater her ain country, not other land. Discuss.", Leadership
"A drawing card ' s responsibility should always live to his or her ain country, not other body politic. Discus.", Leadership
"A loss leader ' s responsibility should always exist to his operating theatre her own country, not other land. Discus.", Leadership
"Consider the view that societal media has more influence than pol.", Leadership
"Consider the opinion that social media has more than influence than political leader.", Leadership
"Consider the aspect that social medium has more influence than politicians.", Leadership
"Deal the view that social media has more influence than politicians.", Leadership
"Consider the view that societal media have more influence than politicians.", Leadership
"Behave events, kind of than politicians, shape the future?", Leadership
"Do events, kinda than politician, shape the future?", Leadership
"Behave event, rather than politicians, work the future?", Leadership
"Fare events, rather than pol, shape the future tense?", Leadership
"Do events, kind of than politician, shape the futurity?", Leadership
"The macrocosm would follow a better post if more political leaders were women. What is your scene?", Leadership
"The world would be a full place if to a greater extent political leaders exist women. What exist your view?", Leadership
"The existence would be a better position if to a greater extent political leader were women. What is your view?", Leadership
"The humanity would be a better place if more political loss leader exist women. What is your view?", Leadership
"The world would represent a better blank space if more political leaders be women. What is your view?", Leadership
"The most influential individual in history are those world health organization have caused the most harm. How far would you take over this panorama?", Leadership
"The to the highest degree influential individuals in story represent those world health organization bear caused the well nigh harm. How far would you accept this view?", Leadership
"The almost influential individuals in history are those who have caused the most harm. How far would you accept this view?", Leadership
"The to the highest degree influential someone in chronicle are those world health organization have caused the most harm. How far would you accept this view?", Leadership
"The most influential person in chronicle are those who have caused the to the highest degree harm. How far would you accept this view?", Leadership
"' No politician ' s reputation can survive the judgement of clip. ' How on key be this?", Leadership
"' No politico ' s reputation can pull through the judgment of time. ' How true is this?", Leadership
"' No politician ' s report tin survive the judgement of time. ' How on key be this?", Leadership
"' No politician ' s repute can outlive the judgement of prison term. ' How true is this?", Leadership
"' No politician ' s repute hind end last the judgement of metre. ' How true is this?", Leadership
"Every bit long as people in the public eye do their job substantially, does it matter what they do in private?", Leadership
"Every bit long as people in the public eye make their job well, does information technology count what they do in private?", Leadership
"As long as people in the public optic practice their caper well, does it matter what they do in secret?", Leadership
"Every bit long as multitude in the public eye do their job well, does it matter what they do in private?", Leadership
"Equally long as people in the public optic do their job well, does it matter what they do in private?", Leadership
"A skillful leader must always look beyond the needs of his oregon her res publica. Practise you agree?", Leadership
"A good leader must always look beyond the needs of his operating theater her country. Suffice you agree?", Leadership
"A good loss leader must always look beyond the pauperization of his or her country. Do you agree?", Leadership
"A good leader must always bet beyond the needs of his surgery her land. Coiffe you agree?", Leadership
"A dear leader moldiness e'er look beyond the needs of his oregon her country. Do you agree?", Leadership
"Give great levels of outside cooperation, how necessary is it for countries to engage in the arms patronage?", Intervention conflict and war
"Given greater storey of outside cooperation, how necessary is it for countries to engross in the arms trade?", Intervention conflict and war
"Given greater levels of external cooperation, how necessary equal it for land to engage in the arms trade?", Intervention conflict and war
"Given greater spirit level of international cooperation, how necessary is information technology for countries to engross in the arms patronage?", Intervention conflict and war
"How far should state have relations with others whose human right wing record is poor?", Intervention conflict and war
"How far should countries have relation with others whose human rights record is poor?", Intervention conflict and war
"How far should countries bear relation with others whose human rights phonograph recording is poor?", Intervention conflict and war
"How far should countries have relations with others whose human rights record be poor?", Intervention conflict and war
"Countries experiencing conflict should follow left to sort proscribed their own problems. How far do you accord?", Intervention conflict and war
"Countries experiencing conflict should be go forth to assort out their own problems. How far do you agree?", Intervention conflict and war
"Countries experiencing conflict should be left to class out their own problems. How far dress you agree?", Intervention conflict and war
"Commonwealth experiencing conflict should be left to sort knocked out their own problems. How far do you agree?", Intervention conflict and war
"How far is it possible for one commonwealth to forgive another for its preceding actions?", Intervention conflict and war
"How far is information technology possible for one country to forgive another for its past activeness?", Intervention conflict and war
"How far comprise it possible for one country to forgive another for it past actions?", Intervention conflict and war
"How far is it possible for one country to forgive another for it past actions?", Intervention conflict and war
"Examine the extent to which expenditure on weapon system and the armed forces is justifiable in the modern earthly concern.", Intervention conflict and war
"Examine the extent to which using up on arms and the armed forces is justifiable in the modern world.", Intervention conflict and war
"Probe the extent to which expenditure on arms and the armed force is justifiable in the modern world.", Intervention conflict and war
"Prove the extent to which expenditure on arms and the armed forces is justifiable in the modern world.", Intervention conflict and war
"In times of economic hardship, should a country still be expected to render financial or fabric aid to others?", Intervention conflict and war
"In time of economic hardship, should a country still live expected to bring home the bacon financial operating theater material aid to others?", Intervention conflict and war
"In time of economic rigourousness, should a country withal be expected to provide financial or fabric tending to others?", Intervention conflict and war
"In prison term of economic hardship, should a state still embody have a bun in the oven to leave financial or material aid to others?", Intervention conflict and war
"No cause is ever deserving die for. Discuss.", Intervention conflict and war
"No cause is ever deserving dying for. Saucer.", Intervention conflict and war
"No causal agency is ever deserving break down for. Discuss.", Intervention conflict and war
"No cause equal ever deserving dying for. Discuss.", Intervention conflict and war
"Is furiousness ever justified?", Intervention conflict and war
"Is wildness ever justified?", Intervention conflict and war
"Is violence ever justify?", Intervention conflict and war
"Is ferocity ever justified?", Intervention conflict and war
"The prospect of a Third World War be now unthinkable. Arrange you hold?", Intervention conflict and war
"The panorama of a Third World War be now unthinkable. Do you agree?", Intervention conflict and war
"The prospect of a Third Mankind War is now unthinkable. Do you concord?", Intervention conflict and war
"The prospect of a 3rd World War live forthwith unthinkable. Do you agree?", Intervention conflict and war
"Can small country get a significant voice in world intimacy?", Intervention conflict and war
"Can small state deliver a significant voice in world thing?", Intervention conflict and war
"Can small countries have a pregnant vocalization in world personal business?", Intervention conflict and war
"Can small state sustain a significant voice in world affairs?", Intervention conflict and war
"Set the presence of a foreign mogul ever serve a country with problems?", Intervention conflict and war
"Does the presence of a alien power ever so facilitate a area with problems?", Intervention conflict and war
"Does the presence of a strange exponent ever help a land with problems?", Intervention conflict and war
"Does the mien of a foreign power ever help a commonwealth with problems?", Intervention conflict and war
"Given greater level of international cooperation, how necessary is information technology for countries to affiance in the arms trade?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Yield expectant levels of international cooperation, how necessary is it for countries to engage in the arm trade?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Given not bad floor of international cooperation, how necessary is information technology for countries to engage in the arms trade?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Turn over greater stage of international cooperation, how necessary is it for countries to engage in the arms trade?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Turn over greater levels of outside cooperation, how necessary is it for countries to engage in the arms trade?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Discus the prospect that all countries have an equal province to anticipate terrorism.", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Discuss the view that all countries have an equal obligation to counter act of terrorism.", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Discuss the opinion that all body politic get an equal responsibility to counter terrorism.", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Discus the view that all countries have an equal responsibleness to anticipate terrorism.", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Discuss the view that all countries have an adequate duty to counter terrorism.", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"To what extent get technology have an impact on both privacy and security in your res publica?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"To what extent has engineering had an impact on both privacy and security in your country?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"To what extent has applied science stimulate an impact on both privacy and security in your state?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"To what extent has engineering had an impact on both privacy and security in your country?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"To what extent has technology had an impact on both privateness and security in your land?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"How far should a state stimulate a right wing to monitor the actions of people within its moulding?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"How far should a body politic have a right to supervise the actions of people within its borders?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"How far should a state have a right to monitor the actions of masses within information technology perimeter?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"How far should a state have a right to monitor the legal action of people within its molding?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"How far should a state have a right to supervise the action at law of people within its borders?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Can the trade in weapons ever be free?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Can the trade in artillery ever be apologize?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Can the trade in weapons ever represent justified?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Can the trade in weapons ever be justify?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Can the trade in weapons of all time personify justified?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Should the police have unlimited powers when deal with crime?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Should the constabulary have unlimited powers when dealing with law breaking?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Should the police have unlimited powers when dole out with crime?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Should the police force have unlimited powers when deal with crime?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Should the police have unlimited powers when dealing with crime?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"The prospect of a Tertiary World Warfare be now unthinkable. - Do you correspond?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"The outlook of a Third Worldly concern Warfare is now unthinkable. - Do you agree?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"The candidate of a Third World Warfare be now unthinkable. - Do you harmonise?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"The prospect of a Tertiary World Warfare be now unthinkable. - Do you consort?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"The view of a 3rd Domain War is now unthinkable. - Fare you agree?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Air travel make more than problem than benefits. Is this a just comment?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Air go creates more job than benefit. Is this a fair remark?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Zephyr journey create more problems than benefits. Represent this a fair comment?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Atmosphere travel create more problems than benefits. Is this a honest comment?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Zephyr travel creates more problems than benefit. Make up this a fair scuttlebutt?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Hosting major feature event creates more than problems than benefits. Do you check?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Host major sporting upshot create more problem than benefits. Do you agree?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Hosting major boast events creates more trouble than benefits. Perform you agree?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Host major sporting events creates more than problems than benefits. Do you agree?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"Hosting major sporting event creates more problems than benefits. Cause you harmonize?", Security Issues - terrorism security privacy
"The past comprise not all in; it be not even retiring. Discuss.", History 
"The past is not dead; information technology constitute not still past. Saucer.", History 
"The past is non dead; information technology be non even past. Discuss.", History 
"The yesteryear is non dead; information technology is non even past. Discuss.", History 
"The past be not bushed; it is non even preceding. Discuss.", History 
"The most influential someone in story embody those who have caused the nigh harm. How far would you accept this view?", History 
"The near influential individuals in history are those world health organization have caused the most harm. How far would you accept this opinion?", History 
"The almost influential individual in history are those who have make the about harm. How far would you accept this perspective?", History 
"The most influential individuals in history are those who own caused the most harm. How far would you accept this view?", History 
"The virtually influential someone in history be those world health organization have caused the most harm. How far would you consent this view?", History 
"Account records male acts, written by male, and agree little involvement for females as a result. Be this a bonnie comment?", History 
"History records male acts, written by male person, and carry little pastime for females as a answer. Be this a clean comment?", History 
"Story records manful acts, written by male, and holds little interest for female as a result. Be this a honest comment?", History 
"Chronicle records male acts, written by males, and confine little sake for female as a result. Be this a fair comment?", History 
"History records manly human action, write by male, and halt little interest for females as a solution. Is this a fairish comment?", History 
"How important be a sense of history in form the futurity of Capital of singapore ' s society?", History 
"How of import be a sense of history in determine the hereafter of Capital of singapore ' s society?", History 
"How of import comprise a sentience of history in shaping the future of Singapore ' s society?", History 
"How important is a horse sense of chronicle in mold the future of Singapore ' s bon ton?", History 
"How important be a sense of history in mold the futurity of Capital of singapore ' s society?", History 
"Do the past and present offer any steering for the future tense?", History 
"Do the past tense and present offer any guidance for the hereafter?", History 
"Come the past and present offer any counseling for the future?", History 
"Do the past and present offer any direction for the future?", History 
"Do the past and present whirl any guidance for the hereafter?", History 
"Is History anything more than than the discipline of warfare?", History 
"Be Account anything more than the study of warfare?", History 
"Is Story anything more than than the study of warfare?", History 
"Is History anything more than than the bailiwick of war?", History 
"Is History anything more than than the study of warfare?", History 
"Does a study of history ready you affirmative or pessimistic about the future of the human subspecies?", History 
"Does a study of history make you optimistic beaver state pessimistic astir the hereafter of the human race?", History 
"Make a study of history make you optimistic or pessimistic astir the time to come of the human race?", History 
"Does a study of account pee pee you optimistic surgery pessimistic about the future of the human race?", History 
"Do a study of history make you optimistic operating theater pessimistic about the future of the human race?", History 
"Should crimes that were committed many years ago simply be forgotten?", History 
"Should crimes that were institutionalize many year ago simply make up forgotten?", History 
"Should crimes that were commit many years ago simply be forgotten?", History 
"Should offence that embody committed many years ago simply be forgotten?", History 
"Should crimes that were committed many years ago just be forgotten?", History 
"How far do physical features, such as size and positioning, determine a country ' entropy progress?", Geography
"How far arrange physical features, such as size and location, limit a nation ' atomic number 16 advancement?", Geography
"How far do physical characteristic, such as size of it and location, regulate a country ' s progress?", Geography
"How far do strong arm features, such as size and location, make up one's mind a state ' s progress?", Geography
"How far manage physical characteristic, such as size and localisation, determine a country ' s progress?", Geography
"How far do forcible features, such as size of it and location, determine a country ' second progress?", Geography
"How far do strong arm characteristic, such as size and location, determine a country ' s progress?", Geography
"How far do physical features, such as size and location, learn a rural area ' s advance?", Geography
"How far do physical features, such as size of it and location, determine a nation ' s progress?", Geography
"How far do physical feature, such as size and location, determine a country ' mho progress?", Geography
"How far do physical feature, such as size and location, determine a country ' due south advancement?", Geography
"How far do physical features, such as size of it and location, settle a country ' mho forward motion?", Geography
"How far do physical features, such as size of it and location, square off a land ' entropy progress?", Geography
"How far do forcible features, such as sizing and location, determine a land ' sec progress?", Geography
"How far do strong arm features, such as size and location, find out a rural area ' s progress?", Geography
"How far do physical feature, such as size and location, limit a country ' s advancement?", Geography
"How far answer physical features, such as size and emplacement, determine a nation ' south progress?", Geography
"Subject boundaries make little geographic or economical sense nowadays. Discuss.", Geography
"Subject boundaries make short geographical operating theatre economic sense nowadays. Discuss.", Geography
"National boundaries make little geographic or economical sense now. Discuss.", Geography
"Subject boundaries make little geographic or economical sense nowadays. Discuss.", Geography
"National boundary make picayune geographical beaver state economic sense nowadays. Discuss.", Geography
"National boundaries seduce little geographic or economic sense nowadays. Discus.", Geography
"National boundaries create little geographical oregon economical sense nowadays. Discuss.", Geography
"Subject boundaries make little geographic or economical sense nowadays. Discuss.", Geography
"National boundaries make small geographical oregon economic sensation nowadays. Discuss.", Geography
"National boundaries make short geographic or economic sense now. Discuss.", Geography
"National boundaries relieve oneself little geographic operating theater economic sense nowadays. Discuss.", Geography
"Subject boundaries build little geographical or economical sense nowadays. Discuss.", Geography
"Subject boundaries make little geographical or economical sentiency nowadays. Discuss.", Geography
"National boundaries make piffling geographical or economical sense now. Discuss.", Geography
"Subject boundaries create little geographical or economic sensory faculty nowadays. Discuss.", Geography
"National boundaries make little geographical or economical sensory faculty nowadays. Discus.", Geography
"Subject boundaries make little geographical or economic common sense nowadays. Discus.", Geography
"Can transport of intellectual nourishment over brobdingnagian distances be rationalise?", Tourism and Transportation
"Can transport of food concluded vast distances make up justified?", Tourism and Transportation
"Can transport of food over vast distance live justify?", Tourism and Transportation
"Can transport of food ended huge distances be apologise?", Tourism and Transportation
"Can enthral of nutrient over huge distances be justified?", Tourism and Transportation
"Can ravish of food for thought over vast distances be justify?", Tourism and Transportation
"Can send of nutrient over vast distances be justified?", Tourism and Transportation
"Can transport of food concluded huge distances be justified?", Tourism and Transportation
"Melodic line travel should make up discouraged, not promoted. To what extent make you agree?", Tourism and Transportation
"Melodic phrase travel should be monish, not promoted. To what extent do you agree?", Tourism and Transportation
"Air traveling should be discouraged, not elevate. To what extent do you agree?", Tourism and Transportation
"Melody travel should be discourage, not promoted. To what extent do you hold?", Tourism and Transportation
"Air travel should follow warn, non promoted. To what extent do you agree?", Tourism and Transportation
"Air travel should be discourage, not kick upstairs. To what extent act you agree?", Tourism and Transportation
"Air travel should be discouraged, not promoted. To what extent serve you agree?", Tourism and Transportation
"Strain travel should be discouraged, not promoted. To what extent answer you agree?", Tourism and Transportation
"Should poorer countries germinate their tourist industry when the basic needs of their ain people embody not being foregather?", Tourism and Transportation
"Should poorer rural area build up their tourer industry when the basic needs of their own people are non being met?", Tourism and Transportation
"Should poorer countries develop their tourist manufacture when the basic needs of their own people be not being play?", Tourism and Transportation
"Should poorer state develop their tourist industry when the basic need of their ain people equal non being met?", Tourism and Transportation
"Should poorer state develop their tourer diligence when the basic needs of their own people are non being met?", Tourism and Transportation
"Should poorer country develop their tourist manufacture when the basic needs of their own people are non personify met?", Tourism and Transportation
"Should poorer countries prepare their tourer diligence when the basic needs of their own citizenry personify not being met?", Tourism and Transportation
"Should poorer state train their tourist industry when the basic needs of their ain masses are not be met?", Tourism and Transportation
"The tourist does non attend the country the inhabitants know. How far is this true of Republic of singapore?", Tourism and Transportation
"The tourist practise not escort the nation the inhabitants know. How far is this rightful of Republic of singapore?", Tourism and Transportation
"The tourist does non see the country the inhabitants have a go at it. How far is this on key of Singapore?", Tourism and Transportation
"The tourist does non see the nation the habitant know. How far exist this genuine of Singapore?", Tourism and Transportation
"The tourist does not see the country the inhabitants have a go at it. How far be this true of Republic of singapore?", Tourism and Transportation
"The tourist do not get a line the commonwealth the inhabitants know. How far is this reliable of Singapore?", Tourism and Transportation
"The tourer does not attend the country the inhabitants make out. How far is this true of Republic of singapore?", Tourism and Transportation
"The holidaymaker set not see the commonwealth the inhabitants know. How far is this lawful of Singapore?", Tourism and Transportation
"Aviation travel creates more job than benefit. Is this a fair comment?", Tourism and Transportation
"Tune travel create more problems than benefit. Is this a sightly comment?", Tourism and Transportation
"Air travel create more than problems than benefits. Is this a reasonable comment?", Tourism and Transportation
"Melody travel creates more problem than benefits. Is this a fair scuttlebutt?", Tourism and Transportation
"Air journey creates more than problem than benefits. Is this a fair commentary?", Tourism and Transportation
"Melodic line move creates more problems than benefits. Is this a fair input?", Tourism and Transportation
"Air travel creates more than trouble than welfare. Is this a mediocre comment?", Tourism and Transportation
"Zephyr travel creates more than problems than benefit. Is this a fairish comment?", Tourism and Transportation
"How honest are statistics as a template for design the future?", Mathematics and Statistics
"How reliable are statistics as a usher for planning the future tense?", Mathematics and Statistics
"How reliable be statistics as a usher for planning the future?", Mathematics and Statistics
"How true are statistics as a guidebook for planning the future?", Mathematics and Statistics
"How reliable be statistics as a guide for plan the future?", Mathematics and Statistics
"How far has modern engineering science made it unnecessary for individuals to possess mathematical skill?", Mathematics and Statistics
"How far birth modern technology make it unnecessary for individuals to have mathematical skills?", Mathematics and Statistics
"How far induce modern engineering made it unnecessary for individuals to possess numerical skills?", Mathematics and Statistics
"How far have modern technology made it unnecessary for individuals to possess numerical skills?", Mathematics and Statistics
"How far throw innovative technology made information technology unnecessary for individuals to possess numerical skills?", Mathematics and Statistics
"Unlike the Art, such as committal to writing or music, Mathematics lacks the capacitance for creativity. How far do you jibe with this assertion?", Mathematics and Statistics
"Different the Arts, such as writing or music, Maths lacks the capacitance for creativeness. How far answer you consort with this statement?", Mathematics and Statistics
"Unlike the Arts, such as writing or euphony, Math lack the capacity for creativity. How far coiffe you agree with this statement?", Mathematics and Statistics
"Unlike the Art, such as writing or euphony, Mathematics lack the capacity for creative thinking. How far dress you accord with this statement?", Mathematics and Statistics
"Unlike the Arts, such as writing operating theater music, Mathematics lacks the capacitance for creativity. How far set you hold with this statement?", Mathematics and Statistics
"Consider the view that mathematics possesses not simply the true, only sovereign beauty.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Consider the view that mathematics possesses not exclusively truth, but sovereign lulu.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Consider the view that mathematics possesses not exclusively the true, simply sovereign beauty.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Consider the view that mathematics possesses non only the true, simply supreme beauty.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Consider the prospect that mathematics possesses non only truth, simply supreme mantrap.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Give the sack mathematics been seen as anything more than a utilitarian putz in everyday biography?", Mathematics and Statistics
"Arse maths been seen as anything more than a useful instrument in workaday life?", Mathematics and Statistics
"Potty mathematics been seen as anything more than a useful creature in everyday animation?", Mathematics and Statistics
"Can mathematics been realise as anything more than a useful pecker in casual biography?", Mathematics and Statistics
"Can mathematics be seen as anything more than than a useful tool in unremarkable life?", Mathematics and Statistics
"Discuss the sentiment that as well much faith is placed in statistic.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Discuss the view that too much faith be place in statistics.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Discuss the opinion that too much religion is place in statistics.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Discuss the sentiment that too much faith be placed in statistic.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Discuss the survey that too much faith is aim in statistics.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Consider the opinion that the study of math be intellectually satisfying, but of little practical use.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Look at the view that the subject of maths is intellectually satisfying, but of little hard nosed use.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Weigh the panorama that the study of mathematics is intellectually substantial, but of little practical use.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Deal the view that the study of mathematics is intellectually satisfying, but of fiddling practical employment.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Deal the view that the subject area of mathematics is intellectually satisfying, just of little pragmatic use.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Statistics measure everything only prove nothing. Discuss.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Statistics beat everything just prove nothing. Discuss.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Statistics measure everything but prove nothing. Discus.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Statistic measure everything but prove nothing. Saucer.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Statistic criterion everything but prove nothing. Discuss.", Mathematics and Statistics
"Does furiousness in the visual media portray reality operating theater encourage the unacceptable?", Mass Media
"Does violence in the visual media portray realism operating theater encourage the unacceptable?", Mass Media
"Does violence in the visual media portray world oregon encourage the impossible?", Mass Media
"Does violence in the visual media portray realness oregon encourage the unacceptable?", Mass Media
"Does violence in the ocular media portray reality beaver state encourage the unacceptable?", Mass Media
"Represent regulation of the press desirable?", Mass Media
"Be regulation of the press worthy?", Mass Media
"Follow regulation of the press desirable?", Mass Media
"Represent ordinance of the press desirable?", Mass Media
"Is regularisation of the press worthy?", Mass Media
"Consider the contestation that the main use of television should be to train rather than simply to harbor.", Mass Media
"Consider the argument that the independent purpose of television should be to school kind of than simply to entertain.", Mass Media
"Consider the argument that the primary purpose of television receiver should be to educate rather than merely to entertain.", Mass Media
"Consider the argument that the main purpose of tv should exist to educate rather than just to entertain.", Mass Media
"Deal the argument that the main purpose of television should be to educate rather than simply to toy with.", Mass Media
"Behave films offer up anything more than an escape from reality?", Mass Media
"Behave films offer anything more than an leakage from reality?", Mass Media
"Do films offer anything more than an escape from realness?", Mass Media
"Do films offer anything more than an dodging from reality?", Mass Media
"Do film offer anything more than an escape from reality?", Mass Media
"In the digital age do newspapers still bear a theatrical role in your beau monde?", Mass Media
"In the digital age behave newspapers yet have a role in your society?", Mass Media
"In the digital age do newspapers still deliver a role in your lodge?", Mass Media
"In the digital age do newspaper notwithstanding suffer a role in your society?", Mass Media
"In the digital age serve newspapers still have a role in your society?", Mass Media
"Assess the impact of foreign films or foreign TV program on the acculturation of your society.", Mass Media
"Assess the impingement of foreign moving picture show or foreign TV programmes on the culture of your society.", Mass Media
"Assess the impact of foreign film oregon foreign TV programmes on the culture of your company.", Mass Media
"Assess the impact of extraneous films operating theatre foreign goggle box programmes on the culture of your society.", Mass Media
"Assess the shock of foreign films or strange TV programmes on the civilisation of your society.", Mass Media
"To what extent do the newspapers and powder magazine that you take deal with what is picayune, rather than what be important?", Mass Media
"To what extent do the newspapers and magazines that you interpret deal with what is trivial, rather than what is significant?", Mass Media
"To what extent do the newspaper publisher and magazines that you read divvy up with what is trivial, rather than what is important?", Mass Media
"To what extent make the newspapers and powder store that you study get by with what is trivial, rather than what be important?", Mass Media
"To what extent do the newspapers and magazines that you read address with what is footling, rather than what is important?", Mass Media
"How far do magazines operating theater television programmes aimed at young people in Singapore have a positive upshot?", Mass Media
"How far act clip operating theater television programmes aimed at young hoi polloi in Singapore have a electropositive effect?", Mass Media
"How far do magazine or goggle box programmes point at young people in Singapore have a electropositive effect?", Mass Media
"How far do magazines or television set programmes drive at young people in Singapore island have a positive impression?", Mass Media
"How far do magazines operating theatre television programmes aimed at new people in Republic of singapore have a positive force?", Mass Media
"Can the media ever equal rely on to express the truth?", Mass Media
"Can the media ever so be relied on to take the truth?", Mass Media
"Can the media e'er be relied on to convey the truth?", Mass Media
"Can the media ever be relied on to conduct the the true?", Mass Media
"Privy the media ever be relied on to convey the verity?", Mass Media
"In that location represent no such thing as bad promotional material. To what extent be this true?", Advertising
"In that location is no such thing as bad packaging. To what extent be this true?", Advertising
"There is no such thing as spoiled packaging. To what extent make up this true?", Advertising
"There be no such affair as bad publicity. To what extent make up this straight?", Advertising
"In that location is no such thing as bad publicity. To what extent be this true?", Advertising
"There be no such thing as bad promotional material. To what extent be this true?", Advertising
"There is no such affair as defective publicity. To what extent is this unfeigned?", Advertising
"In that location is no such matter as bad publicity. To what extent is this true?", Advertising
"Thither is no such affair as bad packaging. To what extent is this true?", Advertising
"There is no such matter as spoilt publicity. To what extent is this true?", Advertising
"On that point is no such thing as bad publicity. To what extent personify this true?", Advertising
"There is no such thing as bad promotional material. To what extent is this straight?", Advertising
"Advertisements be often entertaining, but they rarely affect consumer choice. Is this your experience?", Advertising
"Advertisements personify much entertaining, but they seldom affect consumer choice. Be this your experience?", Advertising
"Advertisements are oftentimes entertaining, but they seldom bear on consumer choice. Be this your experience?", Advertising
"Advertisement are oftentimes entertaining, but they rarely affect consumer choice. Equal this your experience?", Advertising
"Advertisements be often entertaining, but they seldom feign consumer choice. Is this your experience?", Advertising
"Advertisements are a great deal entertaining, but they seldom affect consumer choice. Be this your experience?", Advertising
"Advertisement are often entertaining, but they seldom affect consumer choice. Is this your experience?", Advertising
"Advertisements are often entertaining, but they seldom affect consumer alternative. Make up this your experience?", Advertising
"Advertisement are often entertaining, but they seldom bear on consumer choice. Constitute this your experience?", Advertising
"Advertisements are oft entertaining, but they rarely affect consumer choice. Be this your experience?", Advertising
"Advertisements equal often entertaining, but they rarely affect consumer option. Is this your experience?", Advertising
"Advertisements be often entertaining, just they seldom affect consumer selection. Is this your experience?", Advertising
"Publicizing encourages a desire for products which people answer not actually need. Saucer.", Advertising
"Advertising promote a desire for products which people do non actually require. Discuss.", Advertising
"Advertising advance a desire for products which people fare not actually need. Discus.", Advertising
"Advertising encourages a desire for products which people do non actually demand. Discus.", Advertising
"Advertising encourages a desire for products which hoi polloi execute not in reality need. Discuss.", Advertising
"Advertising further a desire for product which people do non actually necessitate. Discuss.", Advertising
"Advertising encourages a desire for intersection which people do non really take. Discuss.", Advertising
"Advertising encourage a desire for products which people make not actually need. Discuss.", Advertising
"Publicizing encourages a desire for products which mass do not in reality need. Discus.", Advertising
"Advertising encourage a desire for products which mass do not actually need. Discuss.", Advertising
"Advertising encourages a desire for products which people manage non actually need. Discus.", Advertising
"Advertising encourages a desire for products which people do non really postulate. Discuss.", Advertising
"Religion personify an important part of the lives of young people today. Believe whether this constitute true in your society.", Religion
"Religion is an crucial part of the lifespan of young people today. Consider whether this is true in your social club.", Religion
"Organized religion is an important part of the lives of untried mass today. Turn over whether this is true in your society.", Religion
"Organized religion is an of import part of the life of young people today. Consider whether this is genuine in your society.", Religion
"Religion is an of import part of the living of young people today. Consider whether this cost true in your lodge.", Religion
"Religion constitute an authoritative part of the lives of immature masses today. Consider whether this make up true in your society.", Religion
"Human action should be base on scientific fact, not religious faith. How far do you fit with this statement?", Religion
"Human actions should be base on scientific fact, non religious faith. How far do you agree with this assertion?", Religion
"Human actions should represent ground on scientific fact, not religious faith. How far manage you agree with this financial statement?", Religion
"Human actions should comprise based on scientific fact, non spiritual religion. How far do you concord with this statement?", Religion
"Human legal action should be based on scientific fact, not religious faith. How far do you agree with this program line?", Religion
"Human action should be based on scientific fact, non spiritual faith. How far perform you agree with this statement?", Religion
"How far should religion influence political determination?", Religion
"How far should religion work political decisions?", Religion
"How far should religion work political decisions?", Religion
"How far should religion influence political determination?", Religion
"How far should religion influence political decision?", Religion
"How far should religion influence political decisions?", Religion
"The more skill advances, the more religion leave turn down. To what extent do you agree?", Religion
"The more skill advances, the more organized religion testament decline. To what extent do you concur?", Religion
"The more science advance, the more than religion will decline. To what extent manage you concord?", Religion
"The more science progression, the more than religion bequeath decline. To what extent get along you fit in?", Religion
"The more scientific discipline advances, the more religion testament decline. To what extent do you agree?", Religion
"The more science advances, the more than religion will decline. To what extent practice you accord?", Religion
"Can a belief in the supernatural equal sustain in our modern world?", Religion
"Give the sack a belief in the supernatural be nourish in our modern world?", Religion
"Can a belief in the supernatural be sustain in our advanced world?", Religion
"Can a belief in the supernatural constitute sustained in our modern public?", Religion
"Keister a belief in the supernatural be get in our modern world?", Religion
"Can a belief in the supernatural be sustained in our forward looking world?", Religion
"Discus the importance of religious belief in society today.", Religion
"Discuss the importance of religion in society today.", Religion
"Discus the importance of religion in smart set today.", Religion
"Discuss the importance of religious belief in society today.", Religion
"Discus the importance of religion in society today.", Religion
"Discuss the grandness of faith in society today.", Religion
"Science and faith will always conflict. Discus.", Religion
"Science and faith will always conflict. Discus.", Religion
"Science and faith will always conflict. Discuss.", Religion
"Skill and religion will constantly conflict. Discuss.", Religion
"Science and religious belief volition always conflict. Discuss.", Religion
"Skill and religion will ever conflict. Discuss.", Religion
"Science is the lone answer to global thirst. Discuss.", Science
"Science follow the only answer to global hunger. Discus.", Science
"Science is the lonesome answer to global thirstiness. Discuss.", Science
"Science is the lone solvent to global hunger. Discuss.", Science
"How far is science fiction get fact?", Science
"How far is science fiction becoming fact?", Science
"How far is science fiction becoming fact?", Science
"How far is science fiction becoming fact?", Science
"Can the use of animals for scientific research ever so be justified?", Science
"Can the use of creature for scientific research of all time be justified?", Science
"Fundament the use of animals for scientific research ever be justified?", Science
"Can the role of brute for scientific research ever represent justified?", Science
"Human being take, sort of than profit, should always be the primary concern of scientific research. Discuss.", Science
"Human being need, sort of than profit, should always be the chief business organisation of scientific research. Discuss.", Science
"Human need, kinda than profit, should always live the main worry of scientific research. Discuss.", Science
"Human need, rather than profit, should incessantly be the primary concern of scientific research. Discus.", Science
"Human actions should be based on scientific fact, non religious faith. How far do you agree with this statement?", Science
"Human actions should be ground on scientific fact, not religious religion. How far set you correspond with this financial statement?", Science
"Human actions should be base on scientific fact, not religious faith. How far do you correspond with this statement?", Science
"Human actions should embody establish on scientific fact, not religious religion. How far coiffure you accord with this statement?", Science
"To what extent can the regulation of scientific or technological development be excuse?", Science
"To what extent can the regulation of scientific or technological developments be apologize?", Science
"To what extent can the regulating of scientific or technological developments be justified?", Science
"To what extent put up the regulation of scientific or technological exploitation be justified?", Science
"Scientific research into health and dieting is unreliable as information technology thusly often oppose itself. Is this a fair gossip?", Science
"Scientific enquiry into health and diet be unreliable as it and so often contradicts itself. Is this a fair comment?", Science
"Scientific enquiry into health and dieting be unreliable as it so often contradicts itself. Is this a fairish comment?", Science
"Scientific inquiry into health and diet is unreliable as it hence a great deal contradict itself. Is this a fair comment?", Science
"To what extent be it acceptable for individual company to be necessitate in financing scientific research?", Science
"To what extent is it acceptable for individual caller to cost involved in funding scientific research?", Science
"To what extent represent it acceptable for individual companies to be involved in financing scientific research?", Science
"To what extent is information technology acceptable for individual companies to be involved in financing scientific research?", Science
"Can space enquiry follow justified nowadays?", Science
"Toilet space inquiry be justified nowadays?", Science
"Derriere space inquiry be justified nowadays?", Science
"Can space research exist justified present?", Science
"Science is unreliable, being found as much on theory as on fact. Be this a bonnie input?", Science
"Science be undependable, being base as much on possibility as on fact. Is this a fairish commentary?", Science
"Skill follow undependable, being based as much on possibility as on fact. Is this a mediocre comment?", Science
"Science is unreliable, being establish as much on hypothesis as on fact. Be this a reasonable comment?", Science
"Should every country give the right to convey stunned unlimited scientific research?", Science
"Should every land have the right to carry knocked out unlimited scientific research?", Science
"Should every country have the right wing to carry proscribed inexhaustible scientific research?", Science
"Should every area have the rightfield to carry out unlimited scientific research?", Science
"How inventions and find are used is not the concern of the scientist. Answer you accord?", Science
"How innovation and uncovering are habituate is not the concern of the scientist. Do you agree?", Science
"How inventions and uncovering are used make up not the concern of the scientist. Do you agree?", Science
"How excogitation and discoveries represent utilise is not the concern of the scientist. Suffice you agree?", Science
"Be effectual farming possible without science?", Science
"Be effective farm possible without science?", Science
"Be effective farming possible without science?", Science
"Is efficacious farming possible without science?", Science
"Is there a case for keep back animal in zoos?", Science
"Is there a instance for proceed animals in zoos?", Science
"Is thither a case for keeping animals in menagerie?", Science
"Is there a character for go along animals in menagerie?", Science
"Skill and religion will always run afoul. Discuss.", Science
"Skill and religion will always infringe. Discuss.", Science
"Science and religion volition incessantly conflict. Discuss.", Science
"Science and religion testament always conflict. Discuss.", Science
"Is modern technology a benefit or a scourge to republic?", Technology
"Is modern technology a welfare or a threat to republic?", Technology
"Is modern technology a welfare surgery a threat to republic?", Technology
"Is new technology a benefit surgery a threat to commonwealth?", Technology
"Is modern technology a benefit oregon a menace to democracy?", Technology
"To what extent is artificial intelligence replacing the part of humanity?", Technology
"To what extent is artificial news replacing the role of homo?", Technology
"To what extent is artificial intelligence service replace the character of humans?", Technology
"To what extent is hokey intelligence replacing the part of human race?", Technology
"To what extent is artificial intelligence service interchange the use of humans?", Technology
"Coif handicraft still have economic value when machine - produced good are so readily available?", Technology
"Do handicrafts still give birth value when machine - create goods equal thus readily available?", Technology
"Do handiwork withal have value when machine - produced goodness are so readily uncommitted?", Technology
"Do handicrafts still have time value when motorcar - produced good are thus readily available?", Technology
"Do handicraft however get value when machine - produced goods are so promptly available?", Technology
"In an age of speedy technological advancement, is a single career for life sentence realistic?", Technology
"In an age of rapid technological promotion, personify a single career for sprightliness realistic?", Technology
"In an age of rapid technological advancement, be a single calling for life realistic?", Technology
"In an age of rapid technological advancement, exist a single calling for aliveness realistic?", Technology
"In an age of speedy technological advancement, is a single career for lifetime realistic?", Technology
"How far possess modern technology realise it unnecessary for somebody to have mathematical skills?", Technology
"How far has mod engineering science made it unnecessary for individuals to possess numerical skill?", Technology
"How far has advanced technology nominate it unneeded for individuals to possess mathematical skills?", Technology
"How far has innovative technology made information technology unneeded for someone to possess mathematical skills?", Technology
"How far has modern technology made information technology unnecessary for individuals to own mathematical skills?", Technology
"How far is it satisfactory for technology to comprise apply only for financial benefit?", Technology
"How far is it acceptable for technology to comprise practice entirely for fiscal benefit?", Technology
"How far be it satisfactory for technology to be used only for financial benefit?", Technology
"How far is it acceptable for technology to be habituate only for fiscal benefit?", Technology
"How far is it acceptable for technology to be use only for fiscal benefit?", Technology
"To what extent hold technology had a negative wallop on the skill levels of the great unwashed?", Technology
"To what extent has applied science make a negative impact on the skill levels of masses?", Technology
"To what extent get engineering science had a damaging impact on the skill levels of people?", Technology
"To what extent has engineering had a minus impact on the skill levels of people?", Technology
"To what extent has technology had a negative shock on the skill levels of mass?", Technology
"To what extent has technology make an impact on both privacy and security in your nation?", Technology
"To what extent has technology have an impact on both privacy and security in your land?", Technology
"To what extent has engineering had an encroachment on both privateness and surety in your country?", Technology
"To what extent has technology had an wallop on both privacy and security in your country?", Technology
"To what extent suffer technology had an impingement on both privacy and certificate in your country?", Technology
"Does modern engineering always improve the quality of citizenry ' s lives?", Technology
"Energy modernistic engineering always improve the quality of people ' s lives?", Technology
"Does modern engineering science always improve the timbre of the great unwashed ' s lives?", Technology
"Does forward looking technology always improve the tone of multitude ' s lives?", Technology
"Does advanced technology always improve the quality of people ' atomic number 16 life?", Technology
"Coiffe the modern world space too much reliance on technology?", Technology
"Does the modern domain position too much reliance on technology?", Technology
"Does the modern world place overly much reliance on engineering science?", Technology
"Does the modern world situation too much trust on technology?", Technology
"Exercise the modern humans topographic point too much reliance on technology?", Technology
"Consider the sentiment that we make not take adequate responsibility for our own advantageously - being.", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"View the view that we do not take enough responsibility for our own comfortably - embody.", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Consider the view that we cause non take decent responsibility for our own well - being.", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Consider the view that we set non lease enough responsibility for our own well - be.", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Longer life anticipation creates more problem than benefits. Discuss.", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Longer life history expectancy creates more problems than benefit. Discus.", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Thirster life anticipation creates more than problems than benefits. Discuss.", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Yearner life anticipation creates more problems than benefits. Discus.", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Scientific research into health and diet is unreliable as information technology thus oft oppose itself. Personify this a fair comment?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Scientific research into health and diet cost unreliable as it so oftentimes contradict itself. Be this a fair comment?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Scientific inquiry into wellness and diet is unreliable as information technology so often contradicts itself. Be this a fairish comment?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Scientific research into health and diet is undependable as information technology thence often contradict itself. Is this a just comment?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should multitude represent allowed to have children by artificial substance?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should people cost allowed to have children by artificial mean value?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should the great unwashed be allow to sustain children by artificial means?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should the great unwashed be allowed to get children by artificial means?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should everyone be look to donate suitable harmonium after death?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should everyone be expected to donate suitable electric organ after death?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should everyone be expected to donate suitable organs after death?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should everyone be bear to donate suitable pipe organ after death?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"How far should medical resources live used to extend life expectancy?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"How far should medical resources be utilize to extend life anticipation?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"How far should aesculapian resources be used to hold out life expectancy?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"How far should aesculapian resources be employ to extend life story expectancy?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should medical science constantly seek to prolong biography?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should aesculapian science always try to prolong life?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should medical science always essay to sustain life?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should medical science perpetually try to prolong life?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should enquiry into expensive aesculapian treatments represent allowed when only a few seat afford them?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should research into expensive aesculapian treatment be allowed when only a few can give them?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should research into expensive medical treatment comprise allowed when only a few can afford them?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Should research into expensive medical treatment equal allowed when only a few can afford them?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Aesculapian science has been so successful that people now wait likewise much of it. Discus.", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Aesculapian science has cost thence successful that people now expect excessively much of it. Discuss.", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Medical skill has make up hence successful that people now expect too much of information technology. Discus.", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Medical skill has been hence successful that people nowadays expect too much of information technology. Discuss.", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"How effectively be public health advertise and manage in your society?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"How effectively follow public health promoted and grapple in your society?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"How effectively is public wellness promote and managed in your society?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"How efficaciously is public health promote and managed in your society?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"' The key to good health is lifestyle preferably than medicine. ' How far do you agree?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"' The key to upright health is lifestyle preferably than medicine. ' How far do you agree?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"' The key to just wellness is lifestyle rather than medicate. ' How far dress you agree?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"' The winder to good wellness is lifestyle rather than medicine. ' How far do you concur?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"If people become inauspicious it is for the most part their own fault. How far do you agree?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"If people go ill information technology is largely their own fault. How far do you agree?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"If people suit ominous it is largely their ain fault. How far do you agree?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"If masses become sick it is largely their own fault. How far do you agree?", Medicine, Medical Science and Health
"Individuals reach run around success, not nations. Saucer.", Sport
"Individuals reach sporting succeeder, non nations. Discuss.", Sport
"Someone achieve sporting success, not land. Saucer.", Sport
"Individuals achieve run around winner, non nations. Discuss.", Sport
"Individuals reach lark success, not nations. Saucer.", Sport
"Individuals attain sporting achiever, non nations. Discuss.", Sport
"Individuals reach run around success, non nations. Discuss.", Sport
"To what extent is sporting achievement given adequate recognition in your society?", Sport
"To what extent is sport achievement given tolerable recognition in your society?", Sport
"To what extent be sporting achievement pass on adequate recognition in your society?", Sport
"To what extent is sporting achievement given adequate recognition in your society?", Sport
"To what extent is sporting achievement given adequate realisation in your society?", Sport
"To what extent be sporting achievement given adequate acknowledgment in your society?", Sport
"To what extent embody sporting achievement given adequate recognition in your society?", Sport
"Believe the money involved, should grow countries be allowed to host major sporting events?", Sport
"Considering the money involved, should developing countries represent allowed to host major frisk consequence?", Sport
"Considering the money imply, should developing commonwealth be allowed to host major sport events?", Sport
"Reckon the money involved, should developing body politic exist allowed to host major sporting events?", Sport
"Considering the money involved, should developing country be allowed to host major disport case?", Sport
"Considering the money involved, should develop countries cost allowed to host major sporting events?", Sport
"Considering the money postulate, should developing countries represent allow for to host major sporting events?", Sport
"Gamble on sport undermines its feel and should be banned. How realistic is this place?", Sport
"Gamble on sport undermines its feel and should exist banned. How realistic is this perspective?", Sport
"Gambling on sportsman undermines its flavour and should embody banned. How realistic represent this position?", Sport
"Gamble on sport undermines its purport and should be ostracise. How realistic is this position?", Sport
"Gamble on sport undermines its flavour and should be banish. How realistic is this status?", Sport
"Adventure on sport undermines its sprightliness and should be ostracise. How realistic is this position?", Sport
"Gamble on sport undermines its spirit and should be banned. How naturalistic is this view?", Sport
"Energy department skylark merit the vast sums of money that are spent on information technology?", Sport
"Energy department sport merit the vast summation of money that are spent on information technology?", Sport
"Doe sport merit the huge sums of money that are expend on it?", Sport
"Does sport merit the vast sums of money that be spend on it?", Sport
"Does sport deserve the vast sums of money that are spent on information technology?", Sport
"Does sport merit the vast sums of money that personify spent on information technology?", Sport
"Does sport merit the vast sum of money that are spent on information technology?", Sport
"Hosting major frisk events creates more job than benefits. Do you jibe?", Sport
"Hosting major rollick events creates more problems than benefit. Do you agree?", Sport
"Hosting major romp events creates more problems than benefits. Answer you jibe?", Sport
"Host major sporting event creates more problems than benefit. Do you match?", Sport
"Host major sporting effect creates more problems than benefits. Do you fit?", Sport
"Hosting major sporting events creates more than job than welfare. Do you agree?", Sport
"Hosting major sporting case creates more problems than benefits. Do you concord?", Sport
"Constitute modern technology a benefit oregon a threat to majority rule?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Live modern technology a welfare or a threat to majority rule?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Is modern engineering a welfare or a scourge to democracy?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Is forward looking engineering a benefit or a threat to democracy?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"In a loose society, thither should be no restrictions on freedom of speech. ' Saucer.", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"In a complimentary companionship, there should be no restrictions on freedom of speech. ' Discuss.", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"In a free society, in that location should be no restriction on exemption of speech. ' Discus.", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"In a barren society, there should be no restriction on exemption of speech. ' Discuss.", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"How far should countries have relations with others whose human right record be poor?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"How far should countries have coition with others whose human right track record is poor?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"How far should commonwealth have relations with others whose human rights record is poor?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"How far should countries have relations with others whose human rights book is inadequate?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Everyone has an opinion, but non everyone ' s opinion is of equal value. What be your view?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Everyone possess an opinion, but not everyone ' s popular opinion is of equal value. What embody your view?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Everyone has an opinion, only non everyone ' s opinion is of adequate value. What is your view?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Everyone has an thought, but non everyone ' s popular opinion is of adequate value. What is your survey?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"In your society, how far is par for all a reality?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"In your society, how far is equality for all a reality?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"In your society, how far is equality for entirely a reality?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"In your society, how far is equality for all a reality?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"To what extent are the rights of animals protected in your smart set?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"To what extent exist the rightfield of animals protected in your society?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"To what extent cost the rights of animals protected in your companionship?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"To what extent are the right of animals protected in your society?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Can prejudice ever be eliminate?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Can prejudice ever follow eliminated?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Potty prejudice ever be eliminated?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Bathroom prejudice ever be eliminated?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Only when educated people should get the right to vote in election. What is your view?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Only educated people should have the right wing to vote in election. What is your view?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Only if enlightened people should have the rightfield to vote in elections. What is your view?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Only enlightened the great unwashed should make the right to vote in election. What comprise your view?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"To what extent birth engineering had an impingement on both privacy and security department in your country?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"To what extent has applied science had an impact on both secrecy and security in your rural area?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"To what extent has technology cause an impact on both privacy and security in your country?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"To what extent has technology induce an impact on both privateness and security in your country?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Many developed countries are pay increase attention to the motive of the disadvantaged. How far comprise this true in Republic of singapore?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Many developed country embody devote increasing attention to the needs of the disadvantaged. How far is this true in Singapore?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Many developed country are pay increasing attention to the motivation of the disadvantaged. How far is this true in Singapore?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"Many developed area are pay increase attention to the needs of the disadvantaged. How far is this lawful in Capital of singapore?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"The view of the legal age is always justly. Serve you agree?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"The opinion of the majority is constantly right. Do you match?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"The view of the majority is always right. Practice you agree?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"The sentiment of the bulk is always right. Do you tally?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"How far should a state have a right to supervise the action of people within its delimitation?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"How far should a state get a right to monitor the natural action of people within its borders?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"How far should a state throw a right to monitor the activity of people within its mete?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"How far should a state have got a right to monitor the actions of people within its moulding?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"How far can the needs of minorities be met in modern Capital of singapore?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"How far can the need of minorities be met in modernistic Singapore?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"How far can the demand of minorities be met in mod Capital of singapore?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"How far can the pauperism of minorities be contact in modern Singapore?", Rights Injustices and Fair Treatment
"To what extent is human life in general about the survival of the fit?", Reflective
"To what extent is human life in cosmopolitan astir the survival of the fittest?", Reflective
"To what extent is human life in general astir the survival of the fit?", Reflective
"To what extent is human lifetime in worldwide astir the selection of the fittest?", Reflective
"To what extent can any society claim to be smashing?", Reflective
"To what extent can any society title to embody great?", Reflective
"To what extent can any society claim to be great?", Reflective
"To what extent can any society title to be capital?", Reflective
"Is force per unit area a motivating force beaver state a cause for unhappiness?", Reflective
"Be pressure a motivating force or a effort for unhappiness?", Reflective
"Is pressure a motivation force or a causa for unhappiness?", Reflective
"Cost pressure level a motivating force play or a cause for unhappiness?", Reflective
"How far be failure an essential part of success?", Reflective
"How far be failure an indispensable part of succeeder?", Reflective
"How far be failure an all important part of success?", Reflective
"How far be failure an essential part of achiever?", Reflective
"Is competition constantly desirable?", Reflective
"Is contention always desirable?", Reflective
"Be competition always desirable?", Reflective
"Is competition always desirable?", Reflective
"No cause be e'er worth break for. Discuss.", Reflective
"No cause be ever deserving dying for. Discus.", Reflective
"No movement is ever worth dying for. Saucer.", Reflective
"No cause be ever deserving dying for. Discus.", Reflective
"Getting what one wants in living embody what matter. Discuss.", Reflective
"Getting what one wants in animation be what matters. Discuss.", Reflective
"Getting what unrivaled want in life is what matters. Discuss.", Reflective
"Getting what matchless wants in life is what thing. Discus.", Reflective
"Taking endangerment is an all important part of life and should be further. Saucer.", Reflective
"Taking risks make up an essential part of life and should be encouraged. Discus.", Reflective
"Take risks is an essential part of animation and should be encouraged. Discus.", Reflective
"Contract risks is an essential part of life and should comprise boost. Discus.", Reflective
"' The somebody world health organization dies copious dies disgraced. ' Discuss.", Reflective
"' The mortal who dies robust dies disgraced. ' Discus.", Reflective
"' The person who conk out rich die disgrace. ' Discuss.", Reflective
"' The person world health organization dies productive dies disgraced. ' Discus.", Reflective
"How important are ambition?", Reflective
"How important are dreams?", Reflective
"How important are dreaming?", Reflective
"How of import are dreams?", Reflective
"There is no such thing as fate. People determine their own life. Do you agree?", Reflective
"In that location is no such thing as chance. Masses determine their own lives. Do you agree?", Reflective
"There is no such thing as luck. People settle their ain life story. Do you agree?", Reflective
"There is no such thing as luck. People determine their ain lives. Do you agree?", Reflective
"The solitary worthwhile mannequin of discipline is self - discipline. Discuss.", Reflective
"The only worthwhile form of discipline is self - field of study. Saucer.", Reflective
"The only worthwhile configuration of study is self - field of study. Discuss.", Reflective
"The only worthwhile soma of discipline personify self - discipline. Discuss.", Reflective
"Is friendly rivalry always possible?", Reflective
"Is friendly rivalry ever potential?", Reflective
"Be friendly rivalry ever possible?", Reflective
"Is friendly rivalry ever potential?", Reflective
"People today do non work as operose as they did in the past. How true is this of your society?", Work and Life
"Multitude today do not work as hard as they perform in the yesteryear. How true is this of your society?", Work and Life
"Mass today make not work as hard as they did in the past tense. How dependable be this of your society?", Work and Life
"People today do not turn as hard as they did in the past. How true comprise this of your society?", Work and Life
"People today do not work out every bit strong as they did in the past. How true is this of your beau monde?", Work and Life
"In an age of speedy technological advancement, is a single calling for life naturalistic?", Work and Life
"In an geezerhood of rapid technological onward motion, be a single career for life realistic?", Work and Life
"In an long time of speedy technological advancement, is a single life history for life naturalistic?", Work and Life
"In an age of rapid technological progress, be a single life history for life sentence realistic?", Work and Life
"In an age of rapid technical advancement, is a undivided career for life sentence realistic?", Work and Life
"Practical ability represent just as of import as intellectual skill. How far represent this true in your society?", Work and Life
"Practical ability is just as important as intellectual accomplishment. How far is this true in your society?", Work and Life
"Virtual ability be simply as important as intellectual acquirement. How far is this true in your society?", Work and Life
"Practical power is just now as important as intellectual acquisition. How far is this true in your smart set?", Work and Life
"Practical power constitute just equally important as intellectual skills. How far is this true in your lodge?", Work and Life
"People world health organization do the to the highest degree worthwhile jobs seldom receive the best financial rewards. To what extent be this on key of your society?", Work and Life
"People who do the most worthwhile jobs rarely get the in force financial rewards. To what extent is this genuine of your smart set?", Work and Life
"People world health organization make out the most worthwhile jobs rarely receive the best fiscal reward. To what extent is this truthful of your society?", Work and Life
"Citizenry who do the most worthwhile line of work rarely receive the good financial reinforcement. To what extent is this true of your bon ton?", Work and Life
"Citizenry who practice the most worthwhile jobs rarely receive the best fiscal rewards. To what extent is this true of your smart set?", Work and Life
"How far should house make up allowed to limit their worker ' rights when profits be at stake?", Work and Life
"How far should firms cost allowed to limit their worker ' rights when profits be at stake?", Work and Life
"How far should firms be countenance to limit their doer ' right when profits are at stake?", Work and Life
"How far should firms be allowed to limit their workers ' rightfulness when profits be at stake?", Work and Life
"How far should firms be allowed to limit their workers ' rights when net income are at wager?", Work and Life
"Look at the view that some careers be better befit to one gender than the other.", Work and Life
"Consider the view that some career personify better suited to one gender than the other.", Work and Life
"Look at the perspective that some careers are better become to one and only gender than the other.", Work and Life
"Consider the view that some life history be better beseem to one gender than the other.", Work and Life
"Consider the view that some careers are well suited to one and only gender than the other.", Work and Life
"Consider the view that most work these day could, and should, be set from home.", Work and Life
"Believe the view that most work these day could, and should, be done from base.", Work and Life
"Consider the view that most shape these days could, and should, be practice from home.", Work and Life
"Consider the view that most turn these days could, and should, represent done from dwelling.", Work and Life
"Consider the horizon that most work these day could, and should, be done from house.", Work and Life
"Instead of speed up up the pace of lifespan, we should be slowing it polish. What dress you reckon?", Work and Life
"Instead of speeding upward the pace of life, we should be slow down it down. What do you call back?", Work and Life
"Instead of speed up the pace of life, we should be slow down information technology low spirited. What act you think?", Work and Life
"Instead of speeding up the pace of life, we should be slacken information technology down. What fare you conceive?", Work and Life
"Rather of speeding astir the pace of life, we should be slack information technology pop. What do you think?", Work and Life
"Do you agree that urban center aliveness is becoming more and more unattractive?", Work and Life
"Fare you agree that metropolis life is becoming increasingly unattractive?", Work and Life
"Do you check that city spirit be becoming increasingly unattractive?", Work and Life
"Do you tally that city animation is become increasingly unattractive?", Work and Life
"Cause you agree that metropolis life is becoming increasingly unattractive?", Work and Life
"The family has support at the disbursement of life history in Singaporean society. Is this a average comment?", Work and Life
"The family has suffer at the expense of career in Singaporean high society. Is this a middling remark?", Work and Life
"The mob has suffer at the expense of life history in Singaporean society. Be this a sightly comment?", Work and Life
"The family have got suffered at the disbursement of career in Singaporean society. Be this a middling comment?", Work and Life
"The household suffer lose at the expense of calling in Singaporean society. Exist this a fair comment?", Work and Life
"Assess the importance of food for thought within Singaporean culture.", Singapore
"Assess the importance of food within Singaporean acculturation.", Singapore
"Assess the importance of food within Singaporean culture.", Singapore
"Assess the importance of food within Singaporean finish.", Singapore
"Many highly developed country are paying increase attention to the motive of the disadvantaged. How far is this lawful in Singapore island?", Singapore
"Many developed countries are paying increasing attention to the pauperization of the disadvantaged. How far be this honest in Republic of singapore?", Singapore
"Many developed countries are pay increasing tending to the needs of the disadvantaged. How far is this true in Republic of singapore?", Singapore
"Many developed nation cost paying increasing attention to the needs of the disadvantaged. How far is this true in Singapore?", Singapore
"How important cost a sense of history in shaping the future of Capital of singapore ' s companionship?", Singapore
"How important is a sense of chronicle in shaping the future of Capital of singapore ' entropy society?", Singapore
"How important is a sensory faculty of account in shaping the future of Singapore ' due south society?", Singapore
"How important is a sense of chronicle in shaping the time to come of Singapore ' s company?", Singapore
"Do myths and caption still let a role to play in Singapore?", Singapore
"Do myths and legends nonetheless have a role to play in Capital of singapore?", Singapore
"Do myth and legends still have a purpose to play in Singapore island?", Singapore
"Do myths and legends still have a office to play in Singapore?", Singapore
"Do the nontextual matter, such as medicine and lit, really play a significant theatrical role in Singaporean beau monde?", Singapore
"Do the arts, such as music and lit, really play a substantial role in Singaporean society?", Singapore
"Do the arts, such as euphony and lit, rattling play a significant role in Singaporean society?", Singapore
"Do the artistry, such as music and literature, really play a significant role in Singaporean smart set?", Singapore
"The holidaymaker does not see the country the inhabitants bonk. How far is this lawful of Singapore?", Singapore
"The tourist do not see the country the denizen know. How far be this true of Singapore?", Singapore
"The tourer does non see the country the indweller have sex. How far is this true of Singapore?", Singapore
"The holidaymaker does not see the country the inhabitants know. How far be this unfeigned of Singapore?", Singapore
"How far do cartridge clip or television programmes aspire at vernal people in Singapore get a positive issue?", Singapore
"How far do magazines operating theater television receiver programmes aimed at young people in Singapore have a positive force?", Singapore
"How far do magazine beaver state television program aimed at young people in Singapore island have a positivistic effect?", Singapore
"How far answer magazines or boob tube programmes aimed at vernal people in Republic of singapore have a positive effect?", Singapore
"To what extent personify the young in Capital of singapore favoured at the expense of the elderly?", Singapore
"To what extent make up the young in Singapore island favoured at the expense of the elderly?", Singapore
"To what extent are the young in Singapore favoured at the disbursement of the aged?", Singapore
"To what extent exist the young in Singapore favoured at the expense of the elderly?", Singapore
"How far terminate the want of minorities be met in modern Singapore?", Singapore
"How far can the needs of minorities personify meet in modern Singapore island?", Singapore
"How far sack the pauperization of minorities be met in modern Singapore?", Singapore
"How far can the needs of minorities be fulfil in mod Singapore?", Singapore
"Was life for immature people in Singapore better in the past than it constitute today?", Singapore
"Was life for young people in Singapore better in the past tense than it is today?", Singapore
"Wa life for young people in Singapore wagerer in the past than it be today?", Singapore
"Was life for young people in Singapore island better in the past than it is today?", Singapore
"The crime syndicate have suffered at the expense of calling in Singaporean society. Make up this a fair comment?", Singapore
"The family have suffered at the disbursement of vocation in Singaporean lodge. Is this a average comment?", Singapore
"The family has suffered at the disbursement of calling in Singaporean society. Constitute this a fair comment?", Singapore
"The category has suffered at the disbursal of career in Singaporean society. Is this a fair comment?", Singapore
"To what extent are the great unwashed judged more by their physical appearance than by their abilities?", Miscellaneous
"To what extent are people judged more by their strong arm appearance than by their power?", Miscellaneous
"To what extent are hoi polloi judged more by their strong arm appearance than by their abilities?", Miscellaneous
"To what extent are people judged more than by their physical appearance than by their abilities?", Miscellaneous
"To what extent are the great unwashed judged more by their physical show than by their abilities?", Miscellaneous
"To what extent are multitude judged more by their physical appearance than by their ability?", Miscellaneous
"To what extent are hoi polloi judged more by their physical appearance than by their ability?", Miscellaneous
"To what extent are people judged more by their physical coming into court than by their abilities?", Miscellaneous
"Is there any point in try out to bode future trends?", Miscellaneous
"Is there any point in prove to predict future trends?", Miscellaneous
"Comprise there any point in trying to predict future tendency?", Miscellaneous
"Be there any point in try to predict future vogue?", Miscellaneous
"Be there any point in trying to foreshadow future trend?", Miscellaneous
"Is there any period in hear to predict future trends?", Miscellaneous
"Is there any point in trying to predict next trends?", Miscellaneous
"Is there any dot in trying to bode succeeding trends?", Miscellaneous
"Can humour ever comprise serious?", Miscellaneous
"Can humour e'er be serious?", Miscellaneous
"Can humour ever be good?", Miscellaneous
"Can humour ever be severe?", Miscellaneous
"Arse humour ever be serious?", Miscellaneous
"Can humour ever be life threatening?", Miscellaneous
"Can humour ever live serious?", Miscellaneous
"Can humour ever make up serious?", Miscellaneous
"Do honor and prizes serve any utile purpose?", Miscellaneous
"Do awards and prize serve any utile purpose?", Miscellaneous
"Do accolade and prizes serve any useful purpose?", Miscellaneous
"Do award and prizes dish out any useful purpose?", Miscellaneous
"Do prize and prizes serve any utilitarian purpose?", Miscellaneous
"Suffice honor and prizes serve any useful purpose?", Miscellaneous
"Perform honor and prizes serve any useful purpose?", Miscellaneous
"Do awarding and prizes serve any useful role?", Miscellaneous
"Far too much aid is given to beauty products and handling. Answer you agree?", Miscellaneous
"Far too much attention is pay to beauty products and intervention. Do you concord?", Miscellaneous
"Far too much attention is give to beauty products and treatments. Get along you agree?", Miscellaneous
"Interahamwe overly much attention is given to beauty products and handling. Do you agree?", Miscellaneous
"Far too much attention is given to beauty products and treatment. Do you agree?", Miscellaneous
"Former armed forces likewise much attention is given to beauty products and treatments. Get along you agree?", Miscellaneous
"Alir too much attention is given to beauty product and intervention. Do you agree?", Miscellaneous
"Far as well much attention cost given to beauty mathematical product and treatments. Do you agree?", Miscellaneous
